<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>bekka</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>Template</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>How is Bekka&#x27;s world?</em></li><li><em>Status check-in &#x2F; Philipp &amp; Bekka</em></li><li><em>Newsletter content</em></li></ul><br><strong>=== Weekly Calls &#x2F; Notes ===</strong><br><br>Regular topics:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Upcoming community call topics - reach out to interesting people</li></ul><br><strong>Parking Lost &#x2F; Lot?</strong><br><br><br>17 September &quot;OKFN is the mechanism whereyby CC and it&#x27;s vision is acheived&quot;&nbsp;<br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>London meetup planning - budget? <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;etherpad&#x2e;creativecommons&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;SOO&#x5f;London&#x5f;meetup">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;etherpad.creativecommons.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;SOO_London_meetup</a></li><li>Lucas the Adwords guy onboard (need to ad MOU to dropbox)</li><li>Documentation to Marta</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Confirm process for updating community picks in the future (use community call to do this?)</li><li>Homepage content (homepage vs info)</li><li>Update (and make pretty) -&gt; Supporters page (2 pages -&nbsp;</li><li><s>Adwords intern</s></li><li>MOOCMaker lab report</li><li><s>email to workshop people about mission process</s><strong> DONE</strong></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><strong>Process</strong><br><strong>Ideas</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>LinkedUp project<ul class="bullet"><li>Handbook</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;linkedup&#x2d;project&#x2e;eu&#x2F;news&#x2d;blog&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;linkedup-project.eu&#x2F;news-blog&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>27 August</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>School of Ed Report done</li><li>Blog post done</li><li>Meeting with OKFN Open Ed team</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>MOOC Maker report (steve has checked - do you have time&#x2F;inclination? - No time really ;-(</li><li>OKFN?</li><li>More blog posts - Make a list of future topics with names&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Discuss on community call on Thursday</li><li>CC Global</li></ul></li><li>More reports - Come up with a schedule &#x2F; topic list</li><li>Mr Analytics - working on MOU</li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>OKCON booking &#x2F; visa crap</li><li>OKCon meetings?</li></ul>Ideas<br><br><strong>20 August</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Blog post about home page - in draft, waiting for Erika to do a few last tweaks</li><li>Started working with Sam on ideas for OpenGLAM &#x2F; School of Data</li><li>Unconference blog post - why not on p2pu.org?&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>School of Ed and MOOCmaker reports (worked with Erika yesterday during office hour)</li><li>OpenGLAM &#x2F; School of Data</li><li>Schedule for more reports</li><li>Social Media intern - want to speak with Jane</li></ul></li></ul><br>Marcelo<br>P2PU Strategy<br><br><br><strong>13 August</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Reimbursements almost done</s></li><li>Blog in draft</li><li><s>TEDxNorway - offer to cover travel &amp; Accom -No, thank you!</s></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Community call report back</s><ul class="bullet"><li>P to adress the people</li></ul></li><li>Marcelo - dirk goes away this Monday</li><li><s>OKFN &#x2F; School of Data Humanities ideas</s></li><li>London meetup planning</li></ul>Process<br><ul class="indent"><li>Can we change this meeting time? Done</li></ul>Problems<br><br><br><strong>6 August (quick post-Boston check in)</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Post-Boston blog post - next week</li><li>Reimbursements this week - all to be added to folder, to be handed to Ryan</li><li>Marcelo - BK to call next week, need to think about working process&#x2F;point of contact (communty call topic)</li><li>MOOC report</li></ul><br><br><strong>23 July</strong><br><br>Priorities:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Boston logistics (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;boston2013">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;boston2013</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Separate mails to house people -&nbsp;</li><li>where they&#x27;ll be, how to get there.</li><li>31 August - Staff Meeting - 5 people (+Delia)<ul class="bullet"><li>10am (Optional breakfast) Area 4 - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;areafour&#x2e;com&#x2F;coffee&#x2d;bakery&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.areafour.com&#x2F;coffee-bakery&#x2F;</a></li><li>11:00am Media Lab - Room 493 (unless we get bumped)</li><li>11:00 - 11:30 - Introduction &#x2F; planning for the day</li><li>11:30 - 12:30 Group feedback</li><li>12:30 - 4:30 Individual feedback</li><li>60 Bekka</li><li>60 Vanessa</li><li>60 Dirk</li><li>60 Erika (Dirk)</li><li>4:30 - Closing</li></ul></li><li>Aug 1st&#x2F;2nd - Strategy Workshop - 12 people<ul class="bullet"><li>Room 240</li><li>Lunch at Sloan Business School (walk from Media Lab)</li><li>Aug 1 - Dinner?</li><li>Aug 2 - Baseball</li></ul></li><li>Baseball details</li><li>WE HAVE NO MONEY so don&#x27;t ask for any&nbsp;</li><li>Dinner 31st - order in to Media Lab (Taiwanese restaurant)</li></ul></li><li>Boston Agenda<ul class="bullet"><li>Is there one?&nbsp;</li><li>Plan would be good to have (post-Berlin feedback)</li></ul></li><li>Adwords intern - waited to share so as not to drown out SOO - tomorrow (with newsletter)</li><li>June reimbursement<ul class="bullet"><li>Send it to Ryan (Philipp will confirm)</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Next week&#x27;s meeting - will be en route to airport - moved to Office Hour monday</li></ul><br><br><strong>16 July</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Boston:<ul class="bullet"><li>Boston accommodation - 2&nbsp; apartments booked, 2 partners coming</li><li>P to organise key handover with hosts (following Bekka&#x27;s detailed instructions)</li><li>Boston budget - need to look (we looked, we sighed with relief)</li></ul></li><li>HP Grant submitted</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Need to book baseball tickets</li><li>Boston schedule and details need to be sent</li><li>Reports: waiting on tech side of school of ed</li><li>Intern for Google Adwords&nbsp;</li><li>(Community pick courses)</li><li>(Project plans) - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;projects">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;projects</a> &#x2F; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;projects&#x2d;template">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;projects-template</a></li></ul>Process:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Staff&#x2F;admin: frustrations with Chris.&nbsp;</li><li>Project list incomplete</li></ul><br><br><strong>25 June</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Newsletter draft: </s><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;info&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;wp&#x2d;admin&#x2F;post&#x2e;php&#x3f;post&#x3d;2908&amp;action&#x3d;edit"><s>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;info.p2pu.org&#x2F;wp-admin&#x2F;post.php?post=2908&amp;action=edit</s></a><ul class="bullet"><li>Bullets</li><li>Pictures</li><li>Mail to mailchimp list (if we like this) to say we&#x27;ll move and they can unsubscribe</li></ul></li><li><s>Boston</s><ul class="bullet"><li>We (probably) have a house (for approx 5 people)</li><li>BK to book another apartment and configure</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Update workshop participants on reimbursement process</s></li><li>HP Grant stuff for Karen F</li><li><s>Boston accomodation</s></li><li>Boston everything else (sorry!)</li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Projects list</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Org issue: conversations happening in Discourse when they should be on the community call -&nbsp;</li></ul><br><br><br><strong>18 June</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Draft data policy - next steps <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;datapolicy">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;datapolicy</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Forward to Delia - ask her if Karl would be a good person to ask about this.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>MOOC report draft - still v rough but happy to share</li><li>Report page done - and promoted - awesome!!!</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Boston - any word on accommodation?<ul class="bullet"><li>If not, should start book</li></ul></li><li>Discourse - P mentioned on community call that wanted to talk about invitation (Send out the invitation to the community)</li><li>Mail from Joao re: P2PU UX - loop him in on Dirk&#x27;s front page discussions on discourse&#x2F;calls</li><li>Finish the MOOC report</li><li>S.A.M renewal in pipeline</li><li>BK travel</li><li>Newsletter<ul class="bullet"><li>MAiling list management - show more addresses more prominently (make sign-up possible)</li><li>Find out mailing list costs - what&#x27;s the right longer-term solution?</li><li>Do a mailing list review - options, costs, scenarios</li><li>Joao re: template</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Performance review Wed 26th June (we&#x27;re doing this at the face to face meeting)</li><li>Jonas Oberg offered me a job (hot smoldering sticks poked into peoples&#x27; faces)</li></ul><strong>Ideas</strong><br><br><br>11 June<br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Data policy draft: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;datapolicy">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;datapolicy</a></li><li>Reports have a home - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;reports&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;reports.p2pu.org</a> (not quite yet) and there&#x27;s a trello board</li><li>ToU page fixed</li></ul><br><strong>Priorities</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>The blog (again)</li><li>Invitation to Discourse!!</li><li>John&#x27;s questions from the community call</li><li>Boston meeting<ul class="bullet"><li>Check airbnb wishlist</li><li>Philipp is checking on Joi&#x27;s house</li><li>Tell people to book travel (send quote, Bekka says &quot;go ahead&quot;, people book)</li></ul></li><li>Mech MOOC report</li><li>Weird admin thing (renewal of SAM?)</li><li>Community call planning - line up next few calls &#x2F; invite people&nbsp;</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><br><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>How do we get P2PU to blog?<ul class="bullet"><li>Create a calendar for communications, incl. blog posts&nbsp;</li><li>Bekka to check progress&#x2F;priorities each week on community call</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Ideas</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Rethink community stuff?</li></ul><br><br><strong>4 June</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Privacy discussions finished, ready to write-up</li><li>MOOC report in first draft</li><li>Ready to start data policy</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Working on ToU page</li><li>Data policy</li><li>P2PU Reports<ul class="bullet"><li>URL</li><li>Get it on the server</li><li>Announements?</li></ul></li><li>Meeting logistics<ul class="bullet"><li>Visa</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Hayfever (Philipp has the solution)<ul class="bullet"><li>Loratadine 10mg (every evening)</li><li>Nasal shower (twice a day)</li><li>Add steroidal nose spray (once a day)</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><strong>Ideas</strong><br><br><br><br><strong>28 May</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Newsletter done</s></li><li><s>Talking to Privacy karen tomorrow</s></li><li><s>MOOC Report: talking to Chris &amp; VMG tomorrow</s></li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Finding a place to store the reports<ul class="bullet"><li>plus packaging legacy docs&#x2F;malleability of reports</li></ul></li><li>Meeting&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>(2nd week seems preferred) - let&#x27;s go with that one</li><li>Next steps:<ul class="bullet"><li>Follow up with stragglers</li><li>Ask everyone to block the dates</li><li>Book flights</li><li>Book accomodation</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Terms of use page</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Missing community call June 6th</li><li>This week&#x27;s office chat - what do we think?</li></ul><strong>Ideas</strong><br>Data Policy -&nbsp;<br>Discourse<br><br><br><strong>21 May</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Lab reports:<ul class="bullet"><li>First draft of Berlin report is ready - any changes?</li><li>Joao working on School of Ed</li><li>Interviewd Steve Carson yesterday for MOOC - it was great</li></ul></li><li>Data Policy<ul class="bullet"><li>Signoff from CC and OKFN</li><li>In touch with privacy lady</li><li>Summarising Data tables with June</li></ul></li><li>Meeting (move to priorities?)<ul class="bullet"><li>Started a list of places on Airbnb</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Newsletter this week</li><li>Hosting research papers<ul class="bullet"><li>Important we do this properly - so that authors get mileage and we get coverage<ul class="bullet"><li>Ha, Vanessa just asked me about this as well (good!)</li><li><s>Git? </s><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;wired&#x2e;com&#x2F;opinion&#x2F;2013&#x2F;03&#x2F;github&#x2F;"><s>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.wired.com&#x2F;opinion&#x2F;2013&#x2F;03&#x2F;github&#x2F;</s></a></li><li>Link to their repositories &#x2F; archives</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Finishing Data Tables with June</li><li>Reports<ul class="bullet"><li>Figure out URL (where do these live)</li><li>Talk to Dirk about getting them on the server</li></ul></li><li>Meeting<ul class="bullet"><li>Need to send mail</li><li>Need paperwork for visa (I&#x27;m the only one who needs one)</li></ul></li><li>Discourse<ul class="bullet"><li>Let everyone know about URL</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Last week&#x27;s emails</li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>How is the strategy discussion going for you?</li></ul><strong>Parking Lot &#x2F; Ideas</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse next steps<ul class="bullet"><li>How do you like it?</li><li>Decide on URL -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;thepeople&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;thepeople.p2pu.org</a><ul class="bullet"><li>BK to post on discourse to let everyone know we decided on thepeople (and give some reasons why)</li></ul></li><li>Waiting for tech</li><li>Discussion with community:<ul class="bullet"><li>Integration with P2PU web presence (needs to be included in nav bars, etc.)</li><li>Featuring certain topics on other sites (e.g. listing intereating threads about badges on badges.p2pu.org)</li><li>What other categories do we need? (&quot;Getting started&quot;) (&quot;Running courses&quot;)&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Announce<ul class="bullet"><li>Email not great for all discussions</li><li>Want P2PU to feel more open, easier to get involved with</li><li>We&#x27;ve tested discourse with the team</li><li>We are not shutting down the mailing list, but expect to gradually move most conversations over to discourse.&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><br><strong>14 May</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Hewlett Report</li><li>June makes us happy (he is great)</li><li>Flight costs (<a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;spreadsheet&#x2F;ccc&#x3f;key&#x3d;0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFVKYkVwNXhwZGJTMi10R3FFU0k0emc&#x23;gid&#x3d;0&#x29;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;spreadsheet&#x2F;ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFVKYkVwNXhwZGJTMi10R3FFU0k0emc#gid=0)</a><ul class="bullet"><li>BK to look at airbnb<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;farmbytheriver&#x2e;com&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;farmbytheriver.com&#x2F;</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;farmbytheriver&#x2e;com&#x2F;alpine&#x2d;moose&#x2d;cottage&#x2d;policies&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;farmbytheriver.com&#x2F;alpine-moose-cottage-policies&#x2F;</a>&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Data Policy</li><li>School of Ed Report</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>June&#x27;s paper - shared and for community call</li><li>MOOCMAker - have a call with steve for MOnday</li><li>Write up of licence recommendtion to community<ul class="bullet"><li>Send to Philipp who will forward to CC and OKF</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>P2PU HR stuff - nobody is doing it and people are sounding needy</li></ul><strong>Ideas</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Proposal for OKCon? Call closes on May 24th<ul class="bullet"><li>Yes!!!</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>7 May</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Joao busy with layout, will get next draft to BK soon.<ul class="bullet"><li>Needs School of Ed report</li></ul></li><li>Data License report shared with team</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Nudge June re CKAN</li><li>BK to export data from SurveyMonkey</li><li>MOOCMaker report is in SurveyMonkey</li><li>MOOCMaker report</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Missing calls&#x2F; Stuff needs to go into etherpad before the call</li></ul><br><br><strong>30 April</strong><br><br>What is it that we are bringing, and to whom?<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Spread awareness that informal open online learning is credible (and awesome)</li><li>Provide communities to learn with for those interested in peer learning</li><li>Offer a validation of learning for individuals, through new types of recognition, and association with credible partners</li><li>Help organizations to engage with and grow their networks through learning</li></ul><br><br><strong>30 April</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Insurance paid</li><li>Berlin report -&gt; Joao has everything he needs, working on next version</li><li>Last draft of School of Ed done - BK to share</li><li>Have mailed June</li><li>Spent day with School of Data</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Next report?<ul class="bullet"><li>Mechanical Mooc (Python MOOC), would like to do interviews &quot;How we made the mechanical MOOC)<ul class="bullet"><li>Steve Carson (ask for a participant to speak to)<ul class="bullet"><li>Survey results</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Chris Ewald</li></ul></li><li>Nudge Karen privacy lady</li><li>Am working on a licence matrix (please no! this sounds horrible...)<ul class="bullet"><li>Reframed as Bekka&#x27;s Licence Recommendation:<ul class="bullet"><li>FAQ with super short answers</li><li>One or two licence recommendations (June is on board)</li><li>Share with board&#x2F;community&#x2F;etc.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Marketing strategy for reports</li><li>Spread the word about OCW award</li><li>Karen HP proposal (won&#x27;t require much input)</li><li>(Possible) Hewlett proposal draft review</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Can&#x27;t send newsletter - we&#x27;ve maxed out our free MailChimp account. Paid account = $43 p&#x2F;m (that&#x27;s with a non-profit discount)<ul class="bullet"><li>Explore migration to Google Groups (check both public, but also Google App account - p2pu.org)</li></ul></li><li>Can&#x27;t make this week&#x27;s community call - have put a how-to into tech document<ul class="bullet"><li>BK to ask VMG to run it</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>23 April</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Insurance payments - spent the day on the phone - can we do it on the card? (US 2068.00)</s><ul class="bullet"><li><s>BK to try card, if it doesn&#x27;t work, send a check via internat banking.</s><strong> DONE</strong></li></ul></li><li>First draft of layout from Joao,&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>he needs data for visualisations</li></ul></li><li>Good follow-up from June on the data sharing stuff (see emails) &amp; spoke to Sam @OKFN</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Final Berlin by the end of the week</li><li>Finish data policy (long-term)<ul class="bullet"><li>Speak to June (short term), practicalities,</li><li>Mention CKAN to him, see what he says,&nbsp;</li><li>Licencing - BK to speak to Karen Neumann</li></ul></li><li>School of Ed report - lots of panel beating</li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><strong>Problems</strong><br><br><br><strong>16 April</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin report: Joao on board, working on v1, will do it for free</li><li>Board meeting slides: to check with P today<ul class="bullet"><li>Content is done</li><li>Images to be added into the GDoc</li></ul></li><li>School of Ed report: holdups</li><li>Data policy discussion -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>suggestion: a virtual spectogram in the pad - people put their initials (in colour) on a spectrum:<ul class="bullet"><li>idea 1 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------idea 2</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Blog posts -&nbsp;</li><li>check with Dirk, Vanessa&#x27;s is coming, BK to do a hackday one</li></ul><br><br><strong>10 April</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Round 2 of Berlin Report</li><li>Spoke to Joao - seems keen, do we know about budget?<ul class="bullet"><li>BK to ask about hourly rate&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Newsletter out (GREAT newsletter!)</li><li><s>Youtube archive added to info.p2pu - BK to edit page, add more info, change name</s></li><li>Insurance sorted</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Instruct Ryan to pay insurance</li><li>Round 2 of Berlin Report</li><li>Lab report template</li><li><s>OCWC voting</s></li><li>School of Ed report just arrived - will look at it today&#x2F;tomorrow</li><li>(Potentially) GLAM Wiki event</li><li>Data licencing policy - Setting up the community call about it<ul class="bullet"><li>BK to prepare people for it</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Paying people was an exception (dongle issues)</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul><br><br><strong>2 April</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Spectacular holidays</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Add mini community call section in Tech Account document</li><li>Berlin report (5 drafts in)<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to speak to Joao about design, show him the 2 reports, looking for a template, rather than stand-alone</li><li>Spread the word to Media Lab if needed</li></ul></li><li>School of Ed report (check with Karen Fasimpaur)</li><li>MOOC report (Steve Carson)</li><li>Blogging &amp; newsletter<ul class="bullet"><li>Preview Open Hackathon post<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1pZ&#x2d;Q36zjK4ukEwcDZLMqRDcVE7AE02XH78XoEb2xV4k&#x2F;edit">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1pZ-Q36zjK4ukEwcDZLMqRDcVE7AE02XH78XoEb2xV4k&#x2F;edit</a></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Add article about CEO email practices and mention in community list</li></ul><br><br><strong>30 March</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Progress</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>1st draft (of 6 or 7) of Berlin Report done (1&#x2F;3 still need to be removed)</li><li>Hours sorted</li></ul></li><li><strong>Priorities</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>On &quot;vacation&quot; from Friday until 31st - after that:</li><li>multiple drafts berlin report</li><li>Karen Fasimpaur&#x27;s report on School of Ed</li><li>MOOC report - alternate approach (tie to open learning hackathon &#x2F; interviews with builders)</li></ul></li><li><strong>Problems</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Mailing list conversation</li></ul></li><li><strong>Process</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Start invoicing for 96 hours from April? - Yes (but review Maths)</li><li>Move weekly call to Tuesdays? - Moved</li><li>Research VMG &lt;&gt; BK</li><li>How can we improve our use of email -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;hbswk&#x2e;hbs&#x2e;edu&#x2F;archive&#x2F;4438&#x2e;html">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;hbswk.hbs.edu&#x2F;archive&#x2F;4438.html</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Consider more synchronous communication when we are all awake</li><li>Use email differently</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><strong>Stuff</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Thinking about team goals. What do WE want? I have no idea what the staff of P2PU are working towards together, in concrete terms, not abstractions.&nbsp;</li><li>How do I&#x2F;we fit into the matrix of what other people are working on?&nbsp;</li><li>At times, feels very compartmentalised</li><li>There is a differnece between hands-off that encourages people to step up and grow, and not knowing what is going on.</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>13 March</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Newsletter done</li><li>Mountains of mail processed</li><li>Chloe passed design request on<ul class="bullet"><li>MOOC report - mid May</li><li>Berlin Report - Mid May?</li></ul></li><li>Timesheet central (system set up and working)</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin report</li><li>Community discussion (see call pad) - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;community&#x2d;20130314">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;community-20130314</a></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Feedback on role change (DU says helpdesk is fine, VMG also says it makes sense and she doesn&#x27;t see problems)</li></ul><strong>Stuff</strong><br><br><br><strong>6 March</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Static text updated (Get Involved page on info.p2pu.org and p2pu.org)</li><li>Copyright tutorial linked from SOO</li><li>1st draft of Berlin Report (google doc)<ul class="bullet"><li>Link - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1TECLWtZ9lRNO&#x5f;6ccvkyRXP3JuhGUtArt3rPDslfvzJo&#x2F;edit&#x3f;usp&#x3d;sharing">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1TECLWtZ9lRNO_6ccvkyRXP3JuhGUtArt3rPDslfvzJo&#x2F;edit?usp=sharing</a></li><li>PS: How much do you *care* about design and want to be involved in that part? BK: &quot;Quite a lot, I think!&quot;</li><li>Bekka to email Chloe who might be able to help</li><li>BK to ask Philipp for Barbara&#x27;s daughters contact</li></ul></li><li>Erika onboarded</li></ul><br><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>SOO reviews</li><li>Blog posts<ul class="bullet"><li>Featured SOO courses</li><li>Voices from the MOOC</li></ul></li><li>Defining new responsibilities<ul class="bullet"><li>Chief writer&#x2F;Researcherwoman&#x2F;Documentationist&#x2F;Archivariat&#x2F;Writer in residence (Righter of Residence) - role vs community role</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>We don&#x27;t have a clear ASK for new people we meet<ul class="bullet"><li>&quot;Run a course&quot; isn&#x27;t working (it&#x27;s a huge ask, we are doubtful about scalability of courses)</li><li>Run a hangout might be easier &#x2F; more promising</li><li>Next Step: What will this look like, and what do we need to build to make it happen?&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Community call<ul class="bullet"><li>Keep increasing the governance component</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>Stuff</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Google Ngram - Villagers and werewolves</li></ul><br><br><strong>February 13</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Mid-Feb newsletter went out today - too early to tell on stats but looking good.</li><li>Blog stats: Up 103% since 14 Jan 2013 (i don&#x27;t think this is hugely indicative, since most of it is referrals from MIT&#x2F;LCL but people seem to like these stats) - they like them until they start going down again ;-)</li><li>Insurance renewal process underway</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin report</li><li>Bill of rights? -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>we&#x27;re walking away. Leave the document as open as possible, and let people know that they can add&#x2F;edit&#x2F;use it.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Personal learning plan blog post</li><li>Follow up success discussion</li><li>View from inside the MOOCs &quot;Are you in a P2PU MooC? We&#x27;d love to hear some reports from the embedded...&quot;</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>I don&#x27;t think we communicated the UX changeover very well. There was confusion, some courses are still using beta site, we should have done it differently.&nbsp;</li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Am I supposed to be doing a performance review this month? Was scheduled for Jan 28th</li></ul><strong>Stuff</strong><br><br><br><strong>February 3rd</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Progress</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Readership for newsletter is up and blog stats for Jan were 2nd best ever</li><li>Want to rethink the newsletter mailing list (currentl manually tansferring, it&#x27;s a pain and people get spammed)</li><li>On Air worked for call, now we have a video record (with loud typing, note to self for next time)</li><li>Have checked Facebook and twitter&#x2F;blog links - they weren&#x27;t working but now they are.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li><strong>Priorities</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin report</li><li>Bill of rights rewrite - need to contact Piet</li><li>Profile of Zach Chase &amp; his course on beta (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;beta&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;27&#x2F;teaching&#x2d;and&#x2d;learning&#x2d;with&#x2d;social&#x2d;media&#x2F;&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;beta.p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;27&#x2F;teaching-and-learning-with-social-media&#x2F;)</a>&nbsp;</li><li>Getting personal learning plans from people</li></ul></li><li><strong>Problems</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Blogs are a bit thin at the moment</li></ul></li><li><strong>Process</strong><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul></li><li><strong>Stuff</strong></li></ul><br><br><strong>January 28th</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Progress</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Newsletter almost ready to go - can I add a link to Bill of Rights edit?&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>yes, with a small paragraph from us</li></ul></li><li>Looks like money stuff is sorted (thanks, P!)<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to check that we have the documentation for all these payments</li></ul></li><li>Call worked last week (except for on Air, which was a google problem)</li></ul></li><li><strong>Priorities</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>On air part of call</li><li>Blogs<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp&#x27;s Berlin Keynote &#x2F; Next week</li><li>Technovation (Bekka)</li><li>DML (Vanessa) - went up</li><li>Music Hackday (Chris)</li></ul></li><li>Open Ed week planning</li><li>UX launch framing<ul class="bullet"><li>2 messages, for community and public, saying the same thing in different ways.&nbsp;</li><li>Wait until we have some more new courses to point people to.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Prepping stats for community call</li><li>Follow up with Billy from CC re: blog post</li></ul></li><li><strong>Problems</strong></li><li><strong>Process</strong></li><li><strong>Stuff</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>What about our Berlin 2012 report?</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>January 21st</strong><br><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Newsletter went out, reader stats rising</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Logistics for community call -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Google+ Communities?</li><li>Hangout on air?&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>VMG needs pay stubs with tax info</li><li>blogs</li><li>2nd Jan newsletter</li><li>Money hunt</li><li>Open Ed week planning&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>(SoO launch, anything else?)</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><strong>Process</strong><br><strong>Stuff</strong><br>SoD f2f meetup&#x2F;course creation sprint?&nbsp;<br>Another round of course promotion?<br><br><br><strong>January 16th&nbsp;</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Insurance - We&#x27;re good until end of Feb</li><li>Newsletter - New look, 1st issues goes out this week (GREAT!!!)</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>blog posts for next week<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp</li><li>Chris</li><li>Bekka</li></ul></li><li>newsletter v 2</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Money hunt - Bekka to find out where that money went</li><li>Need to get better at feedback to Bekka&#x27;s work</li></ul>Process<br>Stuff<br><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul><br><br><strong>January 7 2013</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Excellent meeting with Vanessa re: content strategy (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;</a>*contentparty)<ul class="bullet"><li>Calendar is all set up - almost ready to be shared</li><li>Newsletter 2x per month</li><li>At least 2 blog posts per week: ask in staff call for committment to blog</li><li>In weekly call look at analytics from last week</li><li>Ask people to post drafts to blog for editorial from VMG &amp; BK</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;alistapart&#x2e;com&#x2F;articles&#x2F;a&#x2d;checklist&#x2d;for&#x2d;content&#x2d;work&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.alistapart.com&#x2F;articles&#x2F;a-checklist-for-content-work&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li><li>Monitoring busy courses<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;technovation&#x2d;challenge&#x2d;field&#x2d;trips&#x2d;and&#x2d;hack&#x2d;day&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;technovation-challenge-field-trips-and-hack-day&#x2F;</a></li><li>Twitter API</li><li>Badgemaker</li><li>Webmaking 101</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Newsletter for 15th</li><li>Communicate content strategy to staff&#x2F;community<ul class="bullet"><li>Community call</li><li>Blog post</li><li>Separate follow-up emails</li></ul></li><li>Strat call follow-up<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp needs to write a blog post</li></ul></li><li>Community call: Grant writing with Philipp</li><li>(Might happen the week after) School of Data launch marketing</li><li>Insurance crap</li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br>Stuff<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Renew Bekka&#x27;s contract</li></ul><br><br><br></body>
</html>
