<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>Calls</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body>5 November<br><br>Alex K<br>Bekka<br><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Alex K - I see myself as a contributor on a particular project, am happy to give feedback on particulars, but not on specifics<ul class="bullet"><li>Haven&#x27;t even begn to get to grips with the mailing list - doubt that I will, becuase of time</li><li>Main anxiety is making sure that I can make a contribution to the projects that I have started (as time-strapped project leader) some anxiety around the lack of time</li><li>Most productive would be if other people could contribute to the code base. It&#x27;s stable, but it would be interesting if people could committ without Alex having to wrangle people</li><li>Or to be able to devote 10 hours a week to the project</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Org stuff</strong></li><li>Very anti-organisational - rather run projects, those who want to get intvolved can do so, those who don&#x27;t, don&#x27;t.</li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Meetings</strong></li><li>Really like the people, much easier to colaborate F2F. Pretty sure the output over the month was equal to what might happen over a remote year.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>This may have something to do with the fact that we made a committment to alloting a certain amont of our time to doing real things.&nbsp;</li><li>This might be something that can be done remotely but it can be hard.</li><li>MAybe keeping people going and sustaining energy after an event can be improved.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>The exchange of ideas is important, good to have a mix of people to make ideas happen.</li><li>Tech people only might be useful as hackathons or sprints.</li><li>Too many people from too many groups is tricky</li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Being clear about the direction of the platform can be better<ul class="bullet"><li>Seeing how the messaging can be changed</li><li>Becuase there are huge players in the space, there is room to rethink who&#x2F;what P2PU is, and what it is not.&nbsp;</li><li>Room for roles in aggregation and advocacy -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>P2PU does advocacy really well</li><li>Some interesting startups have come out who are doing aggregation - there will come a point where there is too much content, and the content that there is will start to decay.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Metadata on top of the content</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><br><br><br>1 November 2012<br><br>Jane<br>Philipp<br>Bekka<br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Who is the community?</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>The community has morphed</li><li>The community that I&#x27;m interested in is those who are creating courses and working<ul class="bullet"><li>Focus on courses to draw people in</li><li>JP: We should be reaching out to people who are passionate about a subject</li><li>We haven&#x27;t been doing a lot of that lately.&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Platform</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Separating course organizers on the platform from community might be mistake - we started out as a community of organisers, but that&#x27;s changed, and many of the people who are on the list are not the people who are doing stuff, and we need to rethink our definition of the core community - they&#x27;re not just the people who are on the list, it&#x27;s more the people who are doing stuff.</li><li>Capturing platform activity is a more useful excercise than trying to expect people to take part on the community list</li><li>Priority for now (at least) is to make sure that the course experience is the best it can be, and think about how best to shift the community management out of the platform</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Schools</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>P2PU overall is too general to anchor themselves</li><li>Schools are a great way of channeling people&#x27;s energy and passion -&nbsp;</li><li>P2PU&#x27;s role becomes to better support people building schools</li><li>Jane: There is a lot of overlap between schools, and I&#x27;ve been looking for a way to bridge this - we need some kind of &quot;general&quot; connection&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Course Creation Support&nbsp;</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Need more support for course organizers. Mailing list is good, but not enough.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Not everyone is comfortable to mail the list with questions about courses</li></ul></li><li>Also consider school based lists to offer more focused support</li><li>Webinars (We are getting good feedback)</li><li>Videos</li><li>Consider office hours</li><li>Suggestion: would people be inclined to go to a mailing list&#x2F;forum to &quot;pitch&quot; their course idea, introduce themselves, get feedback; essentially join the community before they create the course.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Answer: yes! Using a prompt has been working for School of Open</li></ul></li><li>Landing page on website with ways to access all of the above? steps, 1, 2, 3? etc.&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>Philipp:</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Capturing the energy of the original Berlin meeting is one of the things we&#x27;re trying to do</li><li>Making personal connections to people, giving them a call and asking them to run courses is one thing I&#x27;m going to try and do more of.&nbsp;</li><li>The original reason people got involved was becuase they cared about a subject and wanted to run courses - although many of them moved into becoming part of the meta-conversation.&nbsp;</li><li>If we were to have a workshop for organisers, would it make sense to invite&nbsp;</li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Workshops</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Main workshop focus is on bringing together course organizers</li><li>Could have different types of workshops</li><li>Could also have school specific workshops for school course organizers</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Governance</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>We&#x27;re not a community governed org any more, and expecting people to take that much ownership may not be realistic</li><li>We should be more transparent about how things are done, particularly for course organisers,&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;alpha&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;1&#x2F;content&#x2F;43&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;alpha.p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;1&#x2F;content&#x2F;43&#x2F;</a><br><br><br></body>
</html>
