<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>OER_research</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body>6,000 pounds<br><br>Vanessa and I chatted and would love your feedback. We also have some&nbsp; questions about what the fellowship funds might cover. These are the&nbsp; research questions we are interested in for P2PU and School of Open:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>How does mentorship occur through OER or other tools used in the course? How do feedback interactions occur?</li><li>How do people get over fear of learning open and practicing open?</li><li>How and in what way is open (open tools, resources, practices) useful to people?</li><li>How do people evaluate new open content, tools, and services?</li><li>(Specific to School of Open) How does recruitment of an open&nbsp; community of volunteers work? Is there something specific about the&nbsp; subject of &quot;open&quot;?</li></ul><br>The first four seem to fall under your larger research question,&nbsp; &quot;How does OER&#x2F;openness change peoples attitudes and practices when it&nbsp; comes to sharing?&quot; So I feel like there would be a good fit for a&nbsp; fellowship. Regarding ideas of what we envision the actual $ being spent&nbsp; on:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Vanessa or I (or both of us) fly to UK at end of course so we can work together on a:<ul class="bullet"><li>Report - series of recommendations on our findings (would include interviews with course facilitators, etc.)</li><li>Dedicate some time to have course organizers implement findings into next iteration of courses</li></ul></li><li>Fly&nbsp; in a few course facilitators to work on research and improve the next&nbsp; iteration of courses based on research (don&#x27;t know if there is enough&nbsp; money for that or if this is something that fellowship covers)</li><li>Send Vanessa to a relevant conference or other event that is about&nbsp; OER research after we complete report remotely in our respective&nbsp; countries?</li></ul><br><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>fellowship - talk to vanessa<ul class="bullet"><li>External&#x2F;OER landscape</li><li>Ideas<ul class="bullet"><li>Course facilitators--travel to researcher &#x2F; perceived impression of engagement, impact of OER, use that information to improve iteration of the next course---$$ goes to improving the course itself (which is a badass idea)</li><li>How mentorship happens through OER tools - how do feedback interactions occur (1)</li><li>How do people evaluate new open tools - both content and open services</li><li>Recruitment (SOO-specific) - how does that work? is there something about open? how to maintain this</li><li>How do people get over fear of learning open and doing open (1)</li><li>How and in what way is open (open tools, resources, practices) useful to people? (1)</li><li>Report - series of recommendations on our findings</li><li>Dedicate some time to have them implement into courses</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>OER research hub questions<ul class="bullet"><li>(1) How does OER&#x2F;openness change peoples attitudes and practices when it comes to sharing?</li><li>(2)&nbsp; How informal assessment mechanisms (badges) lead to student improvement&nbsp; and&#x2F;or improved learning (Leigh-Anne can explain this better)</li></ul></li><li>feedback on survey<ul class="bullet"><li>go over questions - by thur&#x2F;fri<ul class="bullet"><li>too long</li><li>interested in their priorities, what must they know and how can we pare it back</li><li>desc of what survey is for</li><li>part of TOS that surveys are ok - opt-in, clarify who&#x2F;what survey is, why would this research be useful&#x2F;how is it relevant to p2pu&#x27;s mission</li></ul></li><li>tracking?- follow up with beck<ul class="bullet"><li>dl of the database (quantitative data like visits, comments), data sharing policy [pending vmg&#x27;s double check with Philipp]</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>badges webinar - scheduling<ul class="bullet"><li>Wed 4&#x2F;17 at noon EST</li><li>google hangout - vanessa has slides but will do screenshare</li><li>second half of call can be create own badge -come with an idea to create a badge, come with images in mind</li><li>or if they&#x27;ve created a badge get feedback</li><li>RSVP - invite them when it starts</li></ul></li><li><br></li></ul><br><br><br></body>
</html>
