<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>bekka_archive</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>Dec 17</strong><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Dinosaurs! <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;info&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;2012&#x2F;12&#x2F;16&#x2F;p2puasaurus&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;info.p2pu.org&#x2F;2012&#x2F;12&#x2F;16&#x2F;p2puasaurus&#x2F;</a></li><li>Nice connection made with iridescent learning (technovation challenge) - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;iridescentlearning&#x2e;org&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;iridescentlearning.org&#x2F;</a><ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;technovation&#x2d;kickoff&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;technovation-kickoff&#x2F;</a> (scheduled for the spring - 12 weeks)</li><li>bekka to forward to webcraft</li></ul></li><li>OpenGLAM course with OKFN&#x2F;School of Open (<a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;nl&#x2F;groups&#x2F;open&#x2d;glam&#x2F;&#x29;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;nl&#x2F;groups&#x2F;open-glam&#x2F;)</a></li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Meeting with Adam from Indyhall</li><li>Call with VMG</li><li>Mick Fuzz&#x27;s open vid post (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;clearerchannel&#x2e;org&#x2F;wordpress&#x2F;blog&#x2F;2012&#x2F;12&#x2F;16&#x2F;open&#x2d;video&#x2d;course&#x2d;sprint&#x2d;berlin&#x2d;1516th&#x2d;dec&#x2d;2012&#x2F;&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;clearerchannel.org&#x2F;wordpress&#x2F;blog&#x2F;2012&#x2F;12&#x2F;16&#x2F;open-video-course-sprint-berlin-1516th-dec-2012&#x2F;)</a></li><li>Planning for strat call&nbsp; -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>shift to community call on Thursday? Bekka to send a mail.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>End of year wrap up post<ul class="bullet"><li>bekka to ask community for standout moments</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Server slow<ul class="bullet"><li>P speaking to Dirk</li></ul></li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>P speaking to the bank about detailed breakdown</li><li><br></li></ul><strong>Stuff</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Some ideas for interesting things to write about</li><li>Community call on pattern language for learning (Jan 2013)<ul class="bullet"><li>Next semianr call&nbsp; - Bekka to check</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>Dec 10</strong><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Communications rework going ahead</li><li>An enourmous amount of email</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Test &gt; Can you write something that is interesting to yourself about dinosaurs?</li><li>Speak to Vanessa about communication&#x2F; community in general - how best to collaborate</li><li>Send a newsletter</li><li>Set up strategy call</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>We are not clear on goals</li></ul><strong>Process</strong><br><strong>Stuff</strong><br><br><br><strong>Dec 3</strong><br><strong>Progress</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>I&#x27;m really happy with the number of draft courses&#x2F;response - now we need to get people to comment</li><li>Working on communications rethink (see google doc)</li><li>Finance stuff - hit a snag</li></ul><strong>Priorities</strong><br><ul class="indent"><li>Communications</li></ul><strong>Problems</strong><br><strong>Process</strong><br><strong>Stuff</strong><br><br><strong>Nov 26</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>New Courses (Dirk is putting one up tonight)<ul class="bullet"><li>I&#x27;ve put one up</li></ul></li><li>Busy week on Webmaking 101</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Finance detective</li><li>New Courses</li><li>Connect with VMG</li><li>Invite people to Thursday&#x27;s call - &quot;How to create a course&quot;<ul class="bullet"><li>Check with VMG about the &quot;homework&quot;&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Time. There is not enough.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>But Dec&#x2F;Jan will be quieter</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Staff call this week, after the community call</li></ul></li><li>Stuff</li></ul><br><strong>Nov 19</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Which courses are we planning to launch on the beta.p2pu.org site?<ul class="bullet"><li>.... good question. So far, people have been super-hesitant. But I think that there are some from School of Open. I need to get on this.</li><li>How are you framing it? (a) We want a few pioneers to build great courses on the beta site to experiment, or (b) We are launching our new site, come join us ...&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>(b) at the moment. Maybe better to try (a)?</li><li>I think so, because lower stakes and easier to get people signed up</li><li>Also because Dirk is raring to launch beta, so good to make it happen sooner.&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Beta communication<ul class="bullet"><li>Have drafted message with dirk - feedback from the webinar was that people have some concerns. (see google doc)<ul class="bullet"><li>VMG stressed to them that using beta was a good idea, but people were confused about how the accounts would work - we need to do some messaging around this&quot;<ul class="bullet"><li>PS: This is important. I think Dirk already replied, but we should be clear on what will be migrated and what will not be.</li><li>Exactly. Which is why I&#x27;m tinkering with the messaging on the google doc.&nbsp;</li><li>Ok, why don&#x27;t you have another tinker after we finish, and i&#x27;ll work on it tomorrow morning as well (my time)?&nbsp;</li><li>Cool.</li><li><s>Sounds good - did you join the webinar? Should we do more of them?</s></li><li><s>I didn&#x27;t - but yes, I think we should. If we can find a better tool. What were they using?</s></li><li><s>Blackboard Collaborate&nbsp;</s></li><li><s>OK!</s></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Discussed local meetups with Jane in london - think they could be very effective.<ul class="bullet"><li>I agree. But a lot of work to organize &#x2F; host.</li><li>Yes, but am begining to think that this might be the (one?) cornerstone of my (still theoretical) &quot;community engagement strategy&quot; -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Sounds good!</li><li>Just feels like what we&#x27;ve been doing hasn&#x27;t been working and needs to change.&nbsp;</li><li>And however much work it is, it&#x27;s less work that me sending perky emails to every single new course creator.&nbsp;</li><li>I agree, but we also need to improve the online process. Experiment with a few ideas. Most of them won&#x27;t work. That&#x27;s fine. But I wouldn&#x27;t want to give up on online community building.&nbsp;</li><li>Agreed. But I think that&#x27;s the next phase, in a way. People hear about us offline quite often (spikes in new courses after talks&#x2F;articles&#x2F;confereneces)&nbsp;</li><li>And we need a way to turn the spikes of online activity into community members. That&#x27;s what I mean by &quot;the online piece&quot;</li><li>Totally. I think that&#x27;s where the improvements in the online process (= something we can all do) need to come in.</li><li>Ok. Let&#x27;s try to think about them together, but spend more time on offline workshops than we have in the past.&nbsp;</li><li>What are next steps? Do you want to do a few, or find people to run them locally, etc.? Could also build one-on-one outreach ... I&#x27;m usually better at talking people &quot;into this&quot; individually</li><li>I liked the model that Jane used for the School of Open in berlin (although we would probably scale it down a bit)<ul class="bullet"><li>Yes, and I am not totally convinced by the &quot;teach someone something&quot; excercise</li><li>I think something more along the lines of &quot;Come and spend a bit of time <s>learning how to</s> making a great P2PU course&quot; (I think there are three goals: make participants excited, build courses, fosters community)+1</li></ul></li><li>Who will be running these workshops?</li><li>I think we should aim to get community members (VMG&#x27;s power users?) to do these eventually.<ul class="bullet"><li>Makes sense, but this is probably the biggest challenge to think about right from the start. So maybe we experiment with that a bit - who is interested in doing this, what do they need, what works, what doesn&#x27;t ...&nbsp;</li><li>I agree. I also thing I need to be realistic about the scale of these. This is more strat planning. Right now, the focus is on curating some courses&#x2F;organisers for beta. Ok. Sounds good.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>I also think that if we get the formula right, it could mirror as easily online as it could in real life (webinars etc)</li></ul></li><li>Planning one for Humanities Hackday @KCL this week<ul class="bullet"><li>Very cool!</li><li>It&#x27;s with the OKFN and my department, so we should get something out of it...</li><li>Is one of the goals to get a few courses out of it?&nbsp;</li><li>That&#x27;s my goal. Great! I&#x27;d also aim for community list sign-ups. It&#x27;s a much smaller ask (and the long play).<ul class="bullet"><li>Good idea. Will take the remaining stickers with me...</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>SoSI?<ul class="bullet"><li>I was confused by the emails from Ali&#x2F;Alan. Is she not running courses? Is she?</li><li>Can you&#x2F; do you want to follow up? (Or too many things on the list ... we might just have to let this go and see what happens and not worry about it so much ... not worth the time).</li><li>Well, it should be worth something, we&#x27;re paying for it. I agree, but the amount of email and discussion we have already had ... I think chances are high that Ali will do &#x2F;something&#x2F; interesting, but time consuming to get more involved.</li><li>True. Maybe I&#x27;ll drop her a mail and see what comes of a one-on-one communication.</li><li>Sounds good.</li></ul></li><li>Gratitude Awards submission made. Fingers crossed.<ul class="bullet"><li>Awesome. Thank you!</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Offline workshop at KCL.</li><li>30 days. Those first ones. (What&#x27;s the next step here? Is it different from discussion on offline &#x2F; online workshops above? Or same thing?)<ul class="bullet"><li>I think it is different. I need to make a time with VMG to actually (a) remember what we talked about in berlin, (b) see if that is still appropriate (c) decide what to do next.</li><li>Sounds good.</li></ul></li><li>Finance detective.</li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>As mentioned in Community Call - am trying office hours&#x2F;days - Mondays and Thursdays in an effort to manange my time</li><li>Working out of my inbox too much - not actually getting very much done. (me too, need to fix that)</li><li>Another one I&#x27;m struggline with (maybe applies to you as well) - find small things that can be launched in 1-2 weeks (and then learn from that) rather than over plan &#x2F; analyze ... low stakes = realistic expectations &#x2F; small goals&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Yes - small goals are good. Haha, this is perfect!</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Ideas<ul class="bullet"><li>A &quot;Writing MOOC&quot; with Penguin<ul class="bullet"><li>This is something we might explore. Gavin (Live UK) built something with Penguin in the UK and they know the people there. A MOOC for people to learn to write (for kids who don&#x27;t write good)</li><li>Sounds amazing. Very keen. Will be an interesting one, since feedback is so crucial with a subject like this.&nbsp;</li><li>I&#x27;m beginning to think that a mechanical MOOC model might just be the best thing in the world for us to become.&nbsp;&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>It&#x27;s neat, but it&#x27;s also very limited. It&#x27;s one great piece. We need more pieces.&nbsp;</li><li>Well, we need to find a way to fit the social wrapper over it. But the lightweightness of it is what I think is so appealing. Agreed. It &quot;feels&quot; good, both as a tool and as a project. But (BIG but) there isn&#x27;t much collaboration in the email groups as far as I can tell, so that&#x27;s a fail. Totally. Although, in some of the promo material that I saw (In chris&#x27; mooc proposal, I think) there were some stats that were surprising...</li><li>Must have a look at that this week.&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>29 October</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Post-performance review follow-up</li><li>Didn&#x27;t get anything back from SoSI<ul class="bullet"><li>email to Ali</li></ul></li><li>Stories<ul class="bullet"><li>no response</li><li>resend personalised emails to a wider (but select) group of people</li><li>Bekka to contact some individuals and record&#x2F;upload s few more</li></ul></li><li>Pot Berlin?<ul class="bullet"><li>Sorted</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Chloe&#x27;s missing payment - bekka to contact Mary &amp; Ryan, explain discrepancy and make sure payment goes to Chloe in the end-October salary run.&nbsp;</li><li>Newsletter for November</li><li>Onboarding &amp; first 30 days<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka needs to talk to vanessa about this stuff - Thursday, after community call - BK to email VMG</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>bekka to make sure in Thursday call that any possible news for newsletter gets mentioned before the Friday send-out</li></ul></li><li>Problems</li></ul><br><br><strong>15 October</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Recruiting new courses (was on hold)</li><li>Tax<ul class="bullet"><li>bekka to mail stuff to Philipp RIGHT NOW</li></ul></li><li>SoSI<ul class="bullet"><li>contacted, waiting for response</li></ul></li><li>Community Q&amp;A<ul class="bullet"><li>have some already, hopefully more today, time to publicise</li><li>add some notes on how it works to the page</li><li>once we have enough content, add to the blog navigation</li></ul></li><li>The pot from the flat in Berlin - Need to pay 70 EUR<ul class="bullet"><li>bekka to sort paperwork and payment</li><li>email money@p2pu.org to let everyone know</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>UX feedback to Dirk, ideas not just comments, refer to other sites</li><li>New Courses: Bekka to contact people and ask them to do this - ask 25, we should get 10<ul class="bullet"><li>Bread-baking (philipp)</li><li>Venture Lab course - all those taking it can run it simultanously on P2PU.org</li><li>Sam Allingham--Fiction</li><li>Alex Hillman &amp; Tony Bacigalupo (Indyhall and New Work City, respectively)</li></ul></li><li>On-boarding process (refer.ly) - 3 or 4 step plan for course organizers (fewers steps = better)<ul class="bullet"><li>Define goals, then trace back the steps we want them to take to get there</li><li>Two audiences (people signing up for a course, people joining the core community)</li></ul></li><li>Finalize adminy stuff</li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Performance review planning</li><li>Operations: compensation across the org<ul class="bullet"><li>Pros and cons (and the reality) of working for P2PU<ul class="bullet"><li>Small and non profit -&gt; less money than in the corporate world, or large non-profits</li><li>More freedom and space to build</li><li>More responsibility for overall success (more ownership)</li></ul></li><li>Fairness across the globe and within the staff<ul class="bullet"><li>Legal requirements</li><li>Lightweight guidelines</li><li>Lowest rate &lt; 1&#x2F;2 highest rate</li></ul></li><li>Cost to company - bands and how they are determined<ul class="bullet"><li>Short term vs long term</li><li>Employees vs contractors</li></ul></li><li>Spell out what we provide? Money, equipment, benefits</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>10 Oct</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>In the state of Denmark something is expensive - But Bekka is ready to move nevertheless</li><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Denmark</li><li>Next round planning<ul class="bullet"><li>Push back until after release of new course UX</li><li>Video &#x2F; screencast of new UX</li><li>Recruit innovators to run courses (so we can launch new UX with a set of courses)</li><li>Bekka to contact &quot;dream team&quot; people and ask them to do this - ask 25, we should get 10<ul class="bullet"><li>Bread-baking (philipp)</li><li>Venture Lab course - all those taking it can run it simultanously on P2PU.org</li><li>Sam Allingham--Fiction</li><li>Alex Hillman &amp; Tony Bacigalupo (Indyhall and New Work City, respectively)</li><li><br></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Courses for UX launch</li><li>Tax</li><li>August&#x2F;Sept finance stuff, BK &amp; PS to deal with them for Mary, and BK to copy Ryan on all responses</li><li>Community Q&amp;A<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;storyhackboston&#x2e;tumblr&#x2e;com&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;storyhackboston.tumblr.com&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Not enough hours in the day &#x2F; Bekka is busy</li><li>We are having a spam problem &#x2F; DU has been battling the spammers</li></ul></li><li>Process</li><li>Ideas</li><li>Schools point person - Who is the &quot;right&quot; point person?<ul class="bullet"><li>VMG is looking after SoD</li><li>SoO does not need that much support</li><li>BK looks after &quot;schools&quot; in general (what is a school? what do we do about quiet schools? etc.)</li><li>BK to ping Ali and find out about timeline, status, plans, etc for SoSI</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>1 October</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Tax forms - Philipp needs to print, sign, and post<ul class="bullet"><li>BK will forward forms with instructions</li><li>One form needs a cheque</li></ul></li><li>John&#x27;s reimbursement<ul class="bullet"><li>BK to send pdf to Philipp, P and Ryan will take care of it</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Preparing for rounds<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;rounds">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;rounds</a></li><li>17 Oct</li></ul></li><li>Stories app<ul class="bullet"><li>First recruit people to submit questions</li><li>BK to set up calls for the first few, to get a nice collection for starters - questions and answers (with a focus on more personal stories, rather than &quot;this is how things work&quot;)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Newsletter - need news<ul class="bullet"><li>Story-telling theme for this fortnight (NaNoWriMo, National Writing Project, soundcloud event, stories app)</li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Messaging &#x2F; Notifications - not sure course organizers are receiving review emails</li><li>P replied to email, BK and DU to talk and plan next steps</li></ul></li><li>Process</li></ul><br><br><strong>18 Sep</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to wrap up the tax stuff with Mary</li><li>John&#x27;s expenses</li><li>Community call email &#x2F; discussion</li><li>The format we use for the tech call is:<ul class="bullet"><li>Progress</li><li>Priorities</li><li>Problems</li><li>Process</li></ul></li><li>Things for discussion on Thursday<ul class="bullet"><li>Frustration with old call format -&gt; Make the new call useful and valuable for all who show up</li><li>Purpose:<ul class="bullet"><li>Tell the world about our work and make it easy for the community to chime in</li><li>Be transparent</li><li>Make staff feel in the loop with each others&#x27; work</li></ul></li><li>Model and format:<ul class="bullet"><li>4P</li><li>Every two weeks</li><li>Additional seminars</li></ul></li><li>Name -&gt; &quot;Staff call&quot; or &quot;The Call&quot; or &quot;Community Call&quot;</li></ul></li><li>Work on a plan for supporting schools &#x2F; What&#x27;s the value we can provide to school organizers?</li></ul><br><br><strong>10 Sep&nbsp;</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Waiting on NPS to close out tax submission</li><li>Defer &quot;course review process&quot; and &quot;community call&quot; planning until next meeting<ul class="bullet"><li>I tested the &quot;course review&quot; functionality - there are a couple of issues: all the emails come through to my inbox, but not to my Inbox on the site - so if people have set their notification settings to not get messages by email, then they will not receive the messages that their course has been reviewd.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Thoughts on Schools<ul class="bullet"><li>They need somebody to take on the job of caring for them</li><li>Bekka can do this in a non-techy way -&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>3 September</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Tax signoff - NPS to send documents<ul class="bullet"><li>Then PS has to sign and submit by email</li><li>Then we need to make some payment(s)</li><li>BK to add section to finance handover document on types of payments and how they can&#x2F;are made</li></ul></li><li>Course review<ul class="bullet"><li>Not clear why we limited access to it in the first place</li><li>If we open it up now, we&#x27;ll probably get minimal response - but it simply makes sense</li><li>Open up public access<ul class="bullet"><li>Test that it actually works (bekka to create a fake course, as staff to review it)<ul class="bullet"><li>Use team to test roll-out (email messages, how-to, feedback)</li></ul></li><li>Minimal viable product (changes we have to make before opening up)<ul class="bullet"><li>Ask Dirk to add a statsd counter for reviews</li><li>Make sure there is a way for (at least) the organiser and the review to get to, and see the reviews</li><li>Can the course organiser mark a course as &quot;reviewed&quot;?</li><li>Can course organiser respond to a review?&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Quick write-up how it works and put in knowledge base</li><li>Recruit core community<ul class="bullet"><li>ask Dirk to export email addresses of people who meet certain criteria (bekka defines criteria)</li><li>send email, offer to match volunteers to courses to review</li></ul></li><li>Next steps: a few days development, a rough rubric, and then launch it as is, in a low-key, &quot;testing&quot; kind of way</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Thoughts on schools</li><li>Community call<ul class="bullet"><li>Think about the community call: a staff call that anyone can participate in OR a &quot;seminar&quot; style conversation, curated, invited guests etc etc</li><li>Bekka to mail Paul Osman &quot;we&#x27;re launching this cool new thing, we&#x27;d love to make it more participatory&quot;&nbsp;</li><li>Next steps: bekka to pitch this idea at the 13 september community call</li></ul></li><li>Berlin report - (secret) idea for resources space<ul class="bullet"><li>BK tinkered</li><li>PS to take back and move forward</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>27 August</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Payments<ul class="bullet"><li>Aleks and NPS - we have to do these, and the same with salaries, as ryan doesn&#x27;t have access to HSBC</li><li>PS to contact karen to give dongle to ryan (status: PS sent SMS to find out if I can ask a work question)</li></ul></li><li>BK has kept the cost allocation spreadsheet</li><li>Tax signoff from Board<ul class="bullet"><li>need approval on tax forms from P2PU board by email (forms were sent by Mary @ NPS)</li><li>PS sent email to board for approval - waiting on replies (Wed 5 Sep)</li></ul></li><li>Ryan Onboarding<ul class="bullet"><li><s>email address</s>, <s>update cost allocation spreasdhseets</s>, <s>access to dropbox</s>, bank account dongle (PS: let&#x27;s try to get him Karen&#x27;s), invoice timing &amp; payment dates, money for ryan (I don&#x27;t know - need to check with karen what she agreed)?&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Alan Webb contract (update for P)<ul class="bullet"><li>Done</li></ul></li><li>Gift to Karen G<ul class="bullet"><li>PS has email with address - needs to figure out how to send flowers</li></ul></li><li>Invoice to TSF for Berlin balance<ul class="bullet"><li>Sent by Bekka</li></ul></li><li>General temperature &#x2F; actvity over last few weeks<ul class="bullet"><li>Dev stuff, mailing list stuff, staff stuff</li></ul></li><li>Berlin write up: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;berlin&#x2d;writeup">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;berlin-writeup</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Maybe two parts<ul class="bullet"><li>Lab report (without too much personal opinion)</li><li>Blog post (with personal reflection)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Donation page (Steve Carson asked for Mech MOOC)<ul class="bullet"><li>BK will make it</li></ul></li></ul><br><br>July 1<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Follow up with Annette re: Vanessa&#x27;s payment<ul class="bullet"><li><s>Maybe we just pay her ourselves?&nbsp;</s></li><li><s>Bekka to call Annette Monday evening Berlin time</s></li></ul></li><li>IRS fine</li><li>AGORA payment&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li><s>Bekka to call bank</s></li></ul></li><li>Plan for community call<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to set up this week&#x27;s pad, and send a mail to community with update on how to follow Berlin actvity.&nbsp;</li><li>Speak to Mick about joining call</li><li>speak to vanessa re: research feature</li></ul></li><li>Berlin budget update<ul class="bullet"><li>review and add apartment costs</li><li>review and add cost of lunches from kitty</li></ul></li><li>Communcation: John, alison, bekka&#x27;s changed role</li><li>Update May&#x2F;June budget snapshots</li></ul><br><br><br><br><br><br><strong>June 26</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Cancelled cheque - Bekka to figure out if we can send straight to Annette or via Ahrash</li><li><s>New apartment for Niels&#x2F;Alan&#x2F;Dirk - bekka to start looking for a new spot</s></li><li>IRS Fine<ul class="bullet"><li>Forward to Annette and ask about this</li></ul></li><li>Vanessa&#x27;s payroll<ul class="bullet"><li>Ask Annette if Vanessa will be paid on the 30th</li><li>If not possible, then we&#x27;ll pay through HSBC directly</li></ul></li><li>Payment to AGORA<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp emailed bank, bekka to follow up</li></ul></li><li>Any last minute Berlin stuff?</li></ul><br><br><strong>June 20</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Cancelled cheque - Bekka to figure out if we can send straight to Annette or via Ahrash</li></ul><br><br><strong>June 18</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li><s>NPS no response re: Vanessa, am I missing mails?</s><ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp sent another email - requested a reply</li><li>Bekka to call them Tue PM if no reply</li></ul></li><li>Bekka to verify we did everything in the &quot;MA employee check-list&quot;</li><li>Vanessa payments<ul class="bullet"><li><s>Go ahead and pay Berlin fligh</s>t</li></ul></li><li>Newsletter template<ul class="bullet"><li>PS sent an email</li></ul></li><li>HR stuff (a yukky conversation that has to be had)<ul class="bullet"><li><s>Two developers coming to Berlin</s></li><li><s>Vanessa asking about payment schedule</s></li><li><s>JB emailing about CE accomodation</s></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>June 11</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Dev spring - 20th or 27th of July? When are most developers there? Do we have a map &#x2F; graphic on who is where when? Let&#x27;s make one<ul class="bullet"><li>Can we cover some of Jos&#x27; cost?</li></ul></li><li><s>U$ Breakdown for Nov &#x27;11 workshop to Karen <strong>DONE</strong></s></li><li><s>Invoice to TSF (for Berlin)</s></li><li><s>Pay Agora</s><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Bekka to do, alert Philipp when ready to be authorised</s></li></ul></li><li><s>Pay NPS</s></li><li><s>Meeting with Ali &amp; Vanessa re: community manager walkthrough</s></li><li>DML mini audit<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp to call Tuesday</li></ul></li><li>Go through finance process, make sure May&#x2F;June is up to date</li><li>Newsletter template?<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp sent email</li></ul></li><li><s>Add Vanessa to calendars</s></li><li>Vanessa payroll</li><li>Schedule help desk meeting with John</li></ul><br><br><strong>June 5</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Community manager role next steps<ul class="bullet"><li>Admin job description <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;admin&#x2d;mgr">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;admin-mgr</a></li></ul></li><li>Possible admin &#x2F; finance person in SA</li><li>Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Do we have waivers from everyone? <strong>YES</strong></li><li>Lunch cards - check dietary requirements, let people know about meals -&nbsp;</li><li>copy of card to dirk - stored in P2PU private</li><li>Chloe</li><li>share calendar with everyone</li></ul></li><li>Berlin task planning at community call&nbsp;</li><li>Newsletter design template</li></ul><br><br><strong>May 29</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Decide on community manager role</li><li>What things need to be documented in terms of the admin role</li><li>Admin job description <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;admin&#x2d;mgr">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;admin-mgr</a></li></ul><br><br><strong>May 22</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Staff tickets for Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to book tickets for staff</li><li>Connect Philipp and Rory - done</li><li>Dany&#x27;s visa - philipp to see what he can do</li></ul></li><li>New employee payroll stuff<ul class="bullet"><li>Send checklist to Annette</li><li>Update Annette on the details of the employments - 1 June 2012 start date</li></ul></li><li>Ali&#x27;s job description - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;community&#x2d;mgr">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;community-mgr</a></li><li>Community Call - June&#x2F;Karen Fasimpaur</li></ul><br><br><strong>May 14</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Booked 3 people house (Philipp)</li><li>How about Piet&#x2F;Molly?</li><li>Need to send out emails to &quot;groups&quot; to self-organize</li></ul></li><li>Employment<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp taking care of contracts</li><li>Bekka to look into &quot;systems&quot;</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>May 4</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Overall status<ul class="bullet"><li>Visas - needed for Bekka, Dirk, Dany, Joao <strong>DONE</strong></li><li>Philipp emailed andrea to ask about visa letter <strong>DONE</strong></li></ul></li><li>Aleks (Berlin)<ul class="bullet"><li><s>Invite for 2 weeks (cover cost from product manager budget)</s></li><li><s>Bekka to mail Aleks and John</s></li></ul></li><li>John (accomodation) Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li><s>Budget to John, he will organise own flat</s></li></ul></li><li>Next steps:<ul class="bullet"><li>Update cost spreadsheet with latest numbers</li><li><strong>Monday</strong> -&gt; Make a call on how much we ask people to contribute<ul class="bullet"><li>Email all participants and let them know that they have to cover X amount of their costs</li></ul></li><li><u>Philipp</u> to submit a SF pitch to cover costs (but ok to start spending money)</li><li><u>Bekka</u> to chase everyone regarding dates</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Non Profit Suites<ul class="bullet"><li>dropbox folder<ul class="bullet"><li>need to duplicate invoices and receipts (keep our copies in P2PU dropbox)</li></ul></li><li>set up process</li><li>next step:<ul class="bullet"><li>bekka to reply to karen&#x27;s email</li><li>verify tax 2011 deadline</li><li>sent email to Karen &#x2F; set up call to discuss</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Need to get ready for employees (sorry)<ul class="bullet"><li>Need to speak to NPS about setting up payroll and anything else</li><li>P to check with employee about health insurance</li></ul></li><li>Hiring more staff (admin or community)</li><li>Done &#x2F; <s>Story writing - about P2PU terms -&gt; </s><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;bekka&#x2d;philipp&#x2d;story"><s>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;bekka-philipp-story</s></a></li></ul><br><br><strong>24 April</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Move 2000k from product manager budget to berlin office budget (ask karen to do)<ul class="bullet"><li>Need board sign-off? not sure ...&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Finalize Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Co-funding from CC for 3 flights (Jane, and two others)</li><li>One application withdrawn</li></ul></li><li>Hewlett Report - Due this week! (extension to 31 May) ... phew!</li><li>Pay the insurance brokers<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to do this online on Friday 4th May</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>16 April</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>What&#x27;s going on? I have questions about a couple of things:<ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin - we need to set a call time and date and finalise decisions<ul class="bullet"><li>Call for review of applications - i&#x27;ll be with Ahrash on Friday and Saturday (but not early mornings). you&#x27;ll be with nadeem next thursday. maybe we should do two meetings (you two and us two) to complete the spreadsheet.</li><li>Then you and I review and check if it looks obvious who is invited and who is not.&nbsp;</li><li>We sort out anything that needs discussion by email</li><li>+1. Will speak with nadeem and make sure we set some time at the end of Thursday</li><li>Ok - I&#x27;ll speak with Ahrash on Friday or Saturday this week.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Hewlett report<ul class="bullet"><li>We spend too little money. I&#x27;m not sure what % of salaries like mine, Zuzel&#x27;s, etc to include in the totals.<ul class="bullet"><li>Zuzel ended up doing almost all of the assessment dev work - maximize the line item for assessment developer (jessica + zuzel share)</li></ul></li><li>Can you send me the spreadsheet. I think I need to see what it looks like.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>It&#x27;s in dropbox Funded Projects -&gt; Hewlett -&gt; Interim Report - ok. please send me an email with your concerns &#x2F; questions and I&#x27;ll look at it tomorrow or later today if I don&#x27;t run out of battery</li><li>Cool.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Will finalise the insurance tomorrow (we can pay online)</li><li>Non profit suites - all ok&#x2F; sorted out?<ul class="bullet"><li>&nbsp;no, in process - have mailed them to see what we owe them, and asked if we can make it all be done online&#x2F;email</li><li>i think ahrash included amount in his email</li><li>please ask them to send all future invoices by email - we don&#x27;t process mail very well</li><li>Yup, have asked them all that stuff. You might have to ASK them. ;-) Yes, Americans do not like the internet.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>London agenda (that&#x27;s what I meant)<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;london">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;london</a><ul class="bullet"><li>What did we decide re facilitation? we didn&#x27;t.</li><li>Have put a vague schedule on the etherpad, wth times, wanted your opinion.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Schedule is good, I added notes, but we need to get more clarity on content &#x2F; focus</li></ul></li><li>Nadeem or you would be good facilitators I think<ul class="indent"><li>I&#x27;m happy to do it, but with a super-light touch, I think. Yes!</li></ul></li><li>I have concerns that this might turn into a day where people express concerns about the future, in the absence of those who have the answers...<ul class="bullet"><li>That&#x27;s maybe not a bad thing - you guys need to come up with some of the answers Ugh, really? I have to be adult 2 days in a row?</li><li>Understood. I&#x27;m just concerned that it becomes a post-staff call debrief without everyone being there. Guess that&#x27;s why I need to facilitate carefully.&nbsp;</li><li>Yes - I think it&#x27;s ok to create some room for concerns, but list and park them rather than get overwhelmed.</li><li>Cool.&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Have booked dinner for the nights<ul class="bullet"><li>I saw - very jealous ... It&#x27;s a good spot. You&#x27;ll be missed. Unless this is all an elaborate ruse, and actually you&#x27;ll just show up on the night... believe me, i would love to, but i&#x27;ll only be there in spirit(s) this time!</li><li>Can you be the responsible adult please (e.g. drinks we cover etc.) Yup. Since it&#x27;s going on my credit card first, I will be very responsible. Ha, good to know.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Board meeting report</li><li>Next monday no call (board meeting)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>10 April</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>VISA for Berlin for staff<ul class="bullet"><li>Dirk</li><li>Zuzel</li><li>Bekka</li><li>Next step:&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to send VISA letters to Zuzel and Dirk and herself</li><li>Make reservations for their travel</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Review flight costs of potential participants</li><li>Check last two weeks on things that are still pending<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to create admin planning document&nbsp;</li><li>Insurance outline document</li></ul></li><li>SoSI follow up (Philipp to mail Alan)<ul class="bullet"><li>Confirming activites and deliverables - waiting for Alan&#x27;s next draft</li></ul></li><li><s>Insurance documents</s></li><li>OCWC conference</li><li>London meeting<ul class="bullet"><li>Changed date: 19 April</li><li>Bekka to send mail about dinner on the 18th</li></ul></li><li>Hewlett report<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp working on narrative and grid</li><li>Bekka working on financial report</li></ul></li><li>Next Community Call Curation</li></ul><br><br><strong>2 April</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Hewlett Report<ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Deadline 19 April 2012</strong></li><li><strong>First drafts by Tuesday 10th</strong></li><li>[Bekka] Financial report - accounting for how we spent Hewlett money so far&nbsp;</li><li>[Philipp] Narrative report<ul class="bullet"><li>5 pages (using Hewlett template)</li></ul></li><li>[Philipp] Update logic model chart<ul class="bullet"><li>Add column &quot;Progress&quot; and report against metrics</li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;grantees&#x2e;hewlett&#x2e;org&#x2F;reporting&#x25;20requirements&#x2F;er&#x2F;2008&#x25;20july&#x25;20er&#x25;20reporting&#x25;20requirements&#x2e;pdf">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;grantees.hewlett.org&#x2F;reporting%20requirements&#x2F;er&#x2F;2008%20july%20er%20reporting%20requirements.pdf</a></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>London planning (agenda)<ul class="bullet"><li>Venue: Mozilla</li><li>Dinner: Bekka is on it</li><li><u>Agenda:</u></li><li>Goal:<ul class="bullet"><li>Design what &quot;P2PU The Lab&quot; looks like on the web</li><li>Prepare something to share with the board</li></ul></li><li>Create:<ul class="bullet"><li>Use(r) cases</li><li>Mood board</li><li>Napkin sketches</li></ul></li><li>Approach:<ul class="bullet"><li>Identify key questions (don&#x27;t try to answer all of them)</li><li>Make a few concrete suggestions to help board think through the implications</li></ul></li><li>Next steps:<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp to speak to Nadeem in more detail about planning for the meeting</li><li>Philipp to present &quot;lab idea&quot; to community call</li><li>Bekka: Email to participants about plan for the day (reserve space for other agenda items &#x2F; ad-hoc programming)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Applications - reviewing process<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to get the rest of the (missing) references</li><li>B to distribute the application document</li><li>B to set up a call, brief reviewers.</li></ul></li><li>Venues: Beta House has been in touch - expensive<ul class="bullet"><li>1 room for 4 people &#x2F; month -&gt; 800 EUR</li></ul></li><li>Spoken with Ela, waiting for an offer from them</li><li>Investigate renting a whole house &#x2F; appartment as office (some people could stay there or not)</li></ul></li><li>Payments<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp to look at payments and authorize if necessary</li></ul></li><li>Contracts<ul class="bullet"><li>SoSI (Philipp)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>26 March</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Update SoSI contract<ul class="bullet"><li>Shuttleworth - Nighttrain</li><li>Use detail from Allan&#x27;s proposal -&gt; <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1kC2IonIYNr8I&#x2d;vG0XyjP24vs&#x2d;Ugg29YakwO&#x2d;s&#x2d;lMx&#x5f;o&#x2F;edit">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1kC2IonIYNr8I-vG0XyjP24vs-Ugg29YakwO-s-lMx_o&#x2F;edit</a></li></ul></li><li>Bekka&#x27;s contract done (needs signature)</li><li>Update on implications of employing staff<ul class="bullet"><li>How much more does it cost to move a consultant to employee status</li><li>What are all the things we have to do for employees (that we don&#x27;t currently do for contractors)<ul class="bullet"><li>Health insurance</li><li>Deduct taxes (which ones)</li><li>Set up a payroll system<ul class="bullet"><li>Gunner</li><li>Creative Commons</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><u>Next steps:</u><ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to reach out to contacts (again)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>London planning (venue, dinner, etc.)<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp not coming</li><li>Suggestion is to use Mozilla space (very central and large)</li><li><u>Next steps:</u><ul class="bullet"><li><s>Bekka to confirm with Chloe and Desigan</s><strong> Confirmed</strong></li><li>Bekka to organize dinner (P2PU covers wed 18 dinner and if people want to eat together on Tue, also Tue dinner)</li><li>Philipp to start planning agenda with Bekka and John</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>OCWC conference<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp has emailed to organisers with Bekka on copy</li><li><u>Next steps:</u><ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to print poster</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Voting for OCWC Board<ul class="bullet"><li>Done</li></ul></li><li>Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>6 applications so far</li><li>Not everyone needs fellowship support</li><li>Next steps:<ul class="bullet"><li>Nudge:<ul class="bullet"><li>Jessy</li><li>Alan</li></ul></li><li>Bekka prepares review spreadsheet (use 4 criteria from &quot;berlin&quot; etherpad)</li><li>Email to Nad, Ahrash, Philipp to do first round review AND agree on a call time to discuss and make final decisions</li><li>Email to Karen to wire grant amount beforehand</li><li>Start planning accomodation and book appartments (Philipp happy to be roped in)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Insurance<ul class="bullet"><li>Sean has made contact! Yay!&nbsp;</li><li>Forms have been filled in and returned, waiting for confirmation of renewal from him.</li><li>Bekka to ask if there is a way to automate&#x2F;do this online</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>19 March</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Insurance - contact with Non Profit Alliance<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to fill in forms and call Sean</li></ul></li><li>Berlin selection process &#x2F; committee<ul class="bullet"><li>2 Staff and two volunteers<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka &amp; Philipp</li><li>Ahrash &amp; Nadeem</li></ul></li><li>Next steps:<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka to send reminder email to community</li><li>Bekka to mail &amp; brief N &amp;A</li></ul></li><li>2 Berlin applications received so far</li></ul></li><li>Budget stuff<ul class="bullet"><li>Doing a snapshot every month - label with name of month</li><li>Sometimes not sure where expenses should be charged (which line item)</li><li>Next steps:<ul class="bullet"><li>Set up a call with PS&#x2F;KG&#x2F;BK when PS is back in SA</li><li>Discuss process<ul class="bullet"><li>Go over finance spreadsheets together (2011 &#x2F; 2012)</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Contracts<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp to review Bekka&#x27;s contract</li><li>Philipp to review Alan Webb&#x27;s&#x2F;SoSI</li></ul></li><li>Pencil SWAG - need community discussion</li><li>Bekka doesn&#x27;t have permissions to put stuff on the page - speaking to Zuzel</li><li>P2PU Lab</li></ul><br><br><strong>12th March</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Find a sublet for Philipp - 17&#x2F;18 April<ul class="bullet"><li>London planning - add travel into the budget for John, Aleks and Chloe</li></ul></li><li>Finalise and send Berlin Mail</li><li>Contracts<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp to finalise this week</li></ul></li><li>Ahrash reimbursement - travel (ready for next payment run)</li><li>Swag - Bekka to order Pencils</li><li>PayPal button is done - Bekka to embed in site</li><li>Insurance - Bekka to speak to NonProfit Alliance</li></ul><br><br><strong>27 Feb</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Employees - Consultants<ul class="bullet"><li>Emailed Annette - some advice given, see document in dropbox</li><li>More to come</li></ul></li><li>Contracts<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka &amp; Zuzels completed [Philipp needs to send to lawyer]</li><li>Waiting on job responsibilities for Dirk&#x27;s<ul class="bullet"><li>[Philipp&#x2F;John to iron out practicals]</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>SoSI<ul class="bullet"><li>contract to be drafted</li></ul></li><li>P2PU London meeting<ul class="bullet"><li>Need a venue - Bekka&#x27;s digs (central&#x2F;beautiful&#x2F;coffee&#x2F;free!)</li><li>I got us a restaurant ;-)</li></ul></li><li>Paypal<ul class="bullet"><li>working on it now!</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>20 February</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Berlin - venues added to Berlin pad</li><li>SWAG<ul class="bullet"><li>Stickers - stickermule.com</li><li>Badges - bekka to investigate</li></ul></li><li>Book-keeping &#x2F; Finance&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Philipp sent an email to Karen (about quickbooks and tax)</li><li>Bekka to update P2PU Finance spreadsheet with payment details (based on account transactions)</li></ul></li><li>SoSI - still waiting (Philipp sent another reminder)</li><li>Contracts<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka about to finalize</li><li>Philipp to pass through lawyer</li></ul></li><li>Insurance<ul class="bullet"><li>Emailed Sean - waiting to hear back</li></ul></li><li>CC Event<ul class="bullet"><li>Fun - spoke to many people &#x2F; good outreach</li><li>1 challenge as a result</li><li>Can you do a short blog post &#x2F; report back during community call?</li></ul></li><li>Employees - Consultants<ul class="bullet"><li>Emailed Annette - waiting to hear back</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>13 February</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Paypal<ul class="bullet"><li>We need to make the actual button (if we want customised look&#x2F;feel and incremental amounts)</li></ul></li><li>SoSI<ul class="bullet"><li>Alan contacted, still waiting on feedback</li></ul></li><li>Contracting (zuzel, bekka)<ul class="bullet"><li>Where to find zuzel&#x27;s responsibilities? - added (sent in skype)</li><li>Needs to go via our lawyer before sending to Zuzel</li></ul></li><li>Planning for CitizenCyberscience Event this weekend<ul class="bullet"><li>Speak to Chloe</li></ul></li><li>Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Start looking for places (living and work space)</li><li>Come up with applications deadline</li><li>Decide who will evaluate applications</li><li>Project plan (timeline) -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;berlin">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;berlin</a></li></ul></li><li>Consultants -&gt; Employees (how to)<ul class="bullet"><li>Health insurance (Bekka to email Gunner)</li></ul></li><li>Insurance -&gt; Follow up on renewal</li><li>Tax filings -&gt; Philipp to speak to Karen</li></ul><br><br><strong>6 February</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Investigate the implications of moving some people from being &quot;consultants&quot; to &quot;employees&quot;</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>More complicated than initially assumed. Having &quot;contractors&quot; is legally fine, and a cost-saving, but there is a risk of being audited if we misclassify people.</li><li>Should email non-Profit Suite and speak with them</li><li>Might also be insurance implications - might have to change the policies we have</li></ul></li><li><strong>Berlin Discussion summary</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>P to talk to some staffers individually this week</li><li>Still planning discussion for community call this week</li></ul></li><li><strong>Location in April? Possible to do small meet-up in UK? or US?</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>People:<ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka, John, Chloe, Philipp, Nadeem (maybe others)</li><li>John &amp; Nadeem to reach out to UK based developers?</li></ul></li><li>Location<ul class="bullet"><li>Cambridge or London</li></ul></li><li>18 April 2012 (provisionally) - P could also do 15 April but that&#x27;s Sunday</li><li>Bekka to speak to OKFN about meeting space</li><li>Bekka to check with Nadeem about preference (London&#x2F;Cambridge)</li></ul></li><li><strong>Paypal?</strong> -&gt; Keeps slipping down the list</li><li>Call with Gunner on Wed -&gt; London 2pm (Bekka busy - Philipp to record)</li><li><strong>SoSI grant</strong>? -&gt; Almost done, emailed Allan, waiting to hear back</li></ul><br><br><strong>30 January</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Return to Paypal button design</li><li>We are not loving the community call at the moment<ul class="bullet"><li>Speak to Gunner and get his input</li></ul></li><li>Investigate the implications of moving some people from being &quot;consultants&quot; to &quot;employees&quot;.<ul class="bullet"><li>Put together a first outline of the key questions &#x2F; problems</li></ul></li><li>Agenda items for staff call</li><li>Alan Webb &#x2F; SoSI micro-grant (Bekka to take care of - get back to Alan, talk to Karen&#x2F;Karien for grant agreement)</li><li>Berlin (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;berlin&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;berlin)</a> planning</li></ul><br><br><strong>23 January 2012</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Check with Chloe re: mockingbird account, and cancel paid version<ul class="bullet"><li>ask for a free account</li><li>if no, then ask chloe if she still needs the paid account</li></ul></li><li>Set Up google doc for staff personal details</li><li>Paypal : Bekka to look into best practice for donations, send message to community to inform (and ask for feedback - but not really.)</li><li>Experiment for the next few weeks: try to highlight upcoming discussions in the Community Call when sending out the weekly reminders</li></ul><br><br><strong>Thursday 19 January 2012</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Tax Documentation by 31st December -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>gather info for all contractors, check with Annette.</li><li>no need to send Zuzel&#x27;s info, because paid through Mozilla - but check if there is potentially a problem in the future</li><li>Bekka to call Annette &#x2F;&nbsp;</li><li>Set up google docs for staff details</li></ul></li><li>Paypal set up<ul class="bullet"><li>we can add the button to the site and rewrite all donation text</li><li>let&#x27;s do it (you?)</li></ul></li><li>NonProfit Suite payment loaded<ul class="bullet"><li>Paid</li></ul></li><li>TSF invoice<ul class="bullet"><li>List all expenses broken by broad categories in original currency (EUR)</li><li>Give total amount in USD based on our bank statements</li></ul></li><li>Newsletter - Aleks&#x27; priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Contact him directly, copy me and John</li></ul></li><li><strong>For Feb Staff Call:</strong> Procedures&#x2F;processes for people going away</li></ul><br><br><strong>=== Monthly Calls ===</strong><br><br><br><strong>Last Updated -&gt; 10 Jan 2012 (Revision 1)</strong><br>Next call scheduled for 10 Feb 2012<br>(Previous calls: 10 October 2011, 1. September 2011)<br><br><br><strong>1 - Questions &#x2F; Issues &#x2F; Thoughts</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Have more time (which is nice - less pressure to juggle)</li><li>Since the workshop - nice staff dynamic growing<ul class="bullet"><li>Handling the transition quite well</li><li>Roles are becoming more clearly defined</li><li>Definitely useful if we could spend more time together (not virtual) -&gt; +1 Berlin</li></ul></li><li>Waiting for non-profite suite is frustrating (to get book-keeping started)</li><li>P would like to give an increase from March - waiting for approval from the board</li><li>General process - Bekka to go ahead and make calls on administrative tasks, Philipp to follow-up and change as needed.&nbsp;</li><li><u>Previous notes:</u><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Good. Other stuff is done. Refocusing.</em></li><li><em>Still thinking a lot about Webcraft</em><ul class="bullet"><li><em>How do we avoid sub-projects splitting the community?</em></li><li><em>What&#x27;s the relationship between SoW and P2PU</em></li><li><em>Do we need to discuss &#x2F; or move on?</em></li><li><em>Added to the workshop agenda</em></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>2 - Priorities for next month</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Newsletter revamp<ul class="bullet"><li>Course announcements *and* other stuff</li><li>Change the template<ul class="bullet"><li>Ask Alex to help customize a mailchimp template (check his priorities with John)</li><li>Use new logo and fonts</li><li>Make it look nice even when images don&#x27;t load</li></ul></li><li>Change the tone<ul class="bullet"><li>It&#x27;s not Bekka &amp; Philipp&#x27;s newsletter but just &quot;the newsletter&quot;? +1 the newsletter</li><li>Focus on projects, but always also the people behind them &#x2F; involved in them - and spread the love</li><li>New courses, but don&#x27;t duplicate the showcase blog posts</li><li>Point to blog content</li><li>Mention ways to get involved (comment on this, join this course, review the wireframes, etc.)</li><li>Keep it short and snappy</li></ul></li><li>Send out on Wednesdays</li><li>Every other week (bi-weekly)</li><li>Planning to send first one on 18 Jan (or the week after)</li><li>Process:<ul class="bullet"><li>Collect notes somewhere (as things happen) <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;newsletter">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;newsletter</a></li><li>Philipp &amp; Bekka (as part of weekly call) on Monday before &#x2F; review on Tuesday</li><li>Send on Wednesday</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Book-keeping (waiting on non profite suites)<ul class="bullet"><li>Load all past activity</li></ul></li><li>Donations<ul class="bullet"><li>Trying to connect bank account to paypal, but not easy to do</li><li>Once bank account is linked, we need to send them more paperwork<ul class="bullet"><li>bank statement</li><li>501(c)3 documentation</li></ul></li><li>Donations plan<ul class="bullet"><li>Phase 1<ul class="bullet"><li>Review the way donations are included in the site currently</li></ul></li><li>Edit copy, minor changes (maybe add a button,etc.)</li><li>Phase 2<ul class="bullet"><li>Plan a P2PU donations programme</li><li>Review how others do it</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li><u>Previous notes:</u><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Workshop groundwork<s> (Keep the myth alive)</s> (Making magic happen)</em></li><li><em>SWAG - a great SWAG pack for everyone to take home (spread P2PU)</em><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Stickers (have small ones, will get slightly larger ones as well)</em></li><li><em>T-Shirts (either from Jon Phillips or more expensive back up plan)</em></li></ul></li><li><em>Board report</em></li><li><em>P2PU Fellows</em></li><li><em>Communication support for course announcements</em><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Central updates or more of a blog&#x2F;twitter&#x2F;FB storm?</em></li><li><em>Connect with Ali&#x27;s work on bringing back &quot;rounds&quot;</em></li></ul></li><li><em>Book-keeping &#x2F; Financial processes</em><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Payment schedule (which dates do we pay on?)</em></li><li><em>Process (who does what, and how, two people required to make payments)</em></li></ul></li><li><em>Check-list for onboarding new people</em></li><li><em>Mail-chimp</em><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Consider setting up a paid account (helps with SPAM)</em></li><li><em>Set-up reporting over time &#x2F; track impact</em></li></ul></li><li><em>Set up ability to accept donations</em><ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;softduit&#x2e;com&#x2F;how&#x2d;to&#x2d;set&#x2d;up&#x2d;paypal&#x2d;for&#x2d;a&#x2d;non&#x2d;profit&#x2d;accept&#x2d;donations&#x2d;via&#x2d;facebook&#x2F;"><em>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;softduit.com&#x2F;how-to-set-up-paypal-for-a-non-profit-accept-donations-via-facebook&#x2F;</em></a></li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;merchant&#x2e;paypal&#x2e;com&#x2F;us&#x2F;cgi&#x2d;bin&#x2F;&#x3f;cmd&#x3d;&#x5f;render&#x2d;content&amp;content&#x5f;ID&#x3d;merchant&#x2F;donations"><em>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;merchant.paypal.com&#x2F;us&#x2F;cgi-bin&#x2F;?cmd=_render-content&amp;content_ID=merchant&#x2F;donations</em></a></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>3 - Progress against Long-term metrics</strong><br><br>We should update this to reflect Bekka&#x27;s important contribution to P2PU (metrics don&#x27;t track success)<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Need admin and book-keeping stuff in here somehow</li></ul><br><em>Expect to see:</em><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>New P2PU staff members get onboarded (contract prepared, email account set-up, etc.) within 2 weeks of accepting&#x2F;agreeing to the contract with P2PU</em></li><li><em>P2PU staff are aware of each others tasks and activities (through an updated, public record of the main priority tasks for all consultants&#x2F;staff) and support each other with feedback and input.&nbsp;</em></li><li><em>P2PU community members are more engaged because of regular P2PU updates. They reply by email to thank us for the update, comment on content in the update messages, or act on suggestions made in the updates. For example, when we invite users to a local meetup, new people come to the event because they heard about it through our updates.</em></li><li><em>The public is aware of P2PU and of new P2PU courses that are launched.&nbsp;</em></li><li><em><s>Revisit -&gt; At least 2 working groups are operating well are able to make decisions, and work transparently reporting back to the community.</s></em></li><li>Up to date book-keeping processes are in place and followed</li></ul><br><em>Like to see:</em><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em><s>Revisit -&gt; New working groups are forming around issues that are important to P2PU.</s></em></li><li>Project &#x2F; Donor reports can be produced as needed and without major manual work</li></ul><br><br><strong>4 - Help Philipp get better at his job</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Sometimes feel we should talk more often (more regular check-ins)<ul class="bullet"><li>Monday calls should help with this<ul class="bullet"><li>More ad-hoc conversation - Bekka to contact as needed</li><li>We can revisit and set up additional structured calls if ad-hoc doesn&#x27;t work</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>More&#x2F; different &quot;from Philipp&quot; communications<ul class="bullet"><li>This is happening much more, and going smootly.<ul class="bullet"><li>Ask the big questions to the community</li><li>Use the list for the big questions &#x2F; big discussions</li><li>Example: discussion about what to do with schools</li><li>Example: financial governance guidelines</li></ul></li><li>John has taken on many of the site-specific discussions and is handling them well.&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>Done</strong><br><br>September:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Workshop pre-planning</li><li>Dissertation</li></ul><br>August:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Email template for announcements -&gt; Check!</li><li>Contracting -&gt; Check!<ul class="bullet"><li>Assessment experts (Nils, David, Alex)</li><li>Assessment designer (Chloe)</li></ul></li><li>Regular communication updates -&gt; Course announcements Check! (more coming)</li><li>Later:<ul class="bullet"><li>Book-keeping - Invoice process (partial check)</li><li>Revitalize schools working group (evolving)</li><li>Setting up the open priority task list for non-tech (on hold)</li></ul></li></ul><br>Notes for Board Meeting 23rd April<br><br><strong>Organisational Admin Update</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Preparation for US Tax Submission was rushed, but seemed to go smoothly. Will be easier next time.<ul class="bullet"><li>Relationship with NonProfit Suite needs to be made more concrete and responsibilities made clearer - for example, QuickBooks is still not set up, whose responsibility is that?</li><li>However, they are very helpful and usually responsive, so might just be down to having a call with them.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>New Hires<ul class="bullet"><li>Dirk transtioned in very easily, and seems to be making himself at home</li></ul></li><li>Banking<ul class="bullet"><li>All running smoothly, learning how to track and manage budgets and snapshots in order to keep up to date with the budget.</li></ul></li><li>Human Resources<ul class="bullet"><li>BK has been investigating the practicalities of moving some staff from contract to employee status.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Only really affects US people (in terms of IRS laws) and according to NonProfit Suite, we&#x27;re okay</li><li>However, have been unable to find information about what it will cost (a formula for working out additional costs to current salary of benfits etc).&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Team seems to be working well together - using various tools to keep up with what is happening and where and when.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Some concern that we are losing good people and have no plan to replace them yet (Alison, Chloe)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Preparation for Berlin&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>This is ongoing, looks like it will be expensive, and we will need to re-evaluate &#x2F; downscale some of our plans (not necessarily a bad thing, if it helps streamline what gets done)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><br></body>
</html>
