<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>community-20130516</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>P2PU Community Call</strong><br><strong>16 May 2013</strong><br><br><br><strong>We&#x27;re hanging out here:</strong> <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;plus&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;hangouts&#x2F;&#x5f;&#x2F;ffeae22c4a170ae0def9edc7ed3f7ef0ebb6e427&#x3f;authuser&#x3d;1&amp;eid&#x3d;110535027738331018997&amp;hl&#x3d;en">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;plus.google.com&#x2F;hangouts&#x2F;_&#x2F;ffeae22c4a170ae0def9edc7ed3f7ef0ebb6e427?authuser=1&amp;eid=110535027738331018997&amp;hl=en</a> <strong>Join us!</strong><br><br><strong>Attendees:</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Vanessa</li><li>Bekka</li><li>June</li><li>Billy</li><li>Leah</li><li>Philipp</li><li>karen</li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><u>Progress (what we&#x27;ve been working on)</u><ul class="bullet"><li>Hewlett Reporting</li><li>Hewlett Proposal<ul class="bullet"><li>Better &quot;Retention&quot; through course design, group facilitation, etc.</li></ul></li><li>Badges Sprint 3</li><li>Speaking, speaking, speaking: Confab, Mozilla OBI Call</li><li>Planning our MOOC shop (and strategy meeting)</li><li>Almost ready for Shuttleworth Foundation to arrive for their meeting</li><li>School of ed Report - with designers</li><li>Data policy draft (sent to CC and OKFN for expert eyes, awaiting feedback)</li><li>Talking to June about data whitelist</li><li>Hewlett Reporting</li><li>Getting ready for Gentle introduction to Python IV<ul class="bullet"><li>new WYSIWYG editor (ckeditor)</li><li>support for scheduling emails</li><li>support for running multiple sequences</li></ul></li><li>Planning for bagdes<ul class="bullet"><li>support badges that are endorsed&#x2F;approved by an organization</li><li>integration with p2pu.org</li><li>top level navigation</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><u>Priorities (focus next week)</u><ul class="bullet"><li>Assessment Principles</li><li>Understanding Mailgun for research</li><li>Data Explorer Mission postdesign Survey</li><li>Music Mooc Sample Course</li><li>Badges UX for adding to P2PU (and user testing)</li><li>BK:&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Privacy discussion</li><li>Next phase of report design</li><li>Travel logistics</li><li>Getting a US Visa</li><li>Newsletter</li></ul></li><li>Submit Hewlett proposal &amp; report for previous Hewlett grant</li><li>Some more stuff for Gentle introduction to pythin</li></ul></li><li><u>Problems (walls we ran into on the way)</u><ul class="bullet"><li>Finding reliable internet in Berlin :(</li><li>Google Apps problems with Hangouts<ul class="bullet"><li>The upgrade seems to have messed up things for some @p2pu.org accounts</li><li>We are hoping this will sort itself out over the next few days - if not, we&#x27;ll have to investigate more</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><u>Process (org stuff)</u><ul class="bullet"><li>What information &#x2F; documentation to store about our projects, and where?<ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse, GDocs, Trello....</li><li>We are pretty good keeping track of technical projects (mainly using Trello)</li><li>Some other projects (data mission, etc.) are also on Trello (and we like that)<ul class="bullet"><li>Jane: Trello works great for task related projects, but there are other projects (e.g. SOO) for which they don&#x27;t work</li></ul></li><li>We don&#x27;t have an overview view at the moment</li><li>Next step:<ul class="bullet"><li>Set up a place for all (funded?) projects - from there we can link to whatever tools people are using to manage their projects</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><u>Ideas (on the horizon)</u><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Copyright for GLAM - who is doing this? would be great for SOO!</li><li>Me - bekka! That&#x27;s what I thought!&nbsp;</li><li>OKCon - September 2013 - I&#x27;m submitting a talk for SOO - someone from CC will give this if it gets accepted (&lt;- Bekka)</li><li>School of Open second round of facilitated courses - sign-up opens for two week period July 15, courses start at end of July or August (can vary by course facilitator)</li></ul><br><br><u>Discussion</u><br><br><br><strong>June&#x27;s research</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Note: this is not a discussion about licensing, but about the paper that June shared with us</li><li>Link to the final draft -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;ahnjune&#x2e;com&#x2F;wp&#x2d;content&#x2F;uploads&#x2F;2012&#x2F;09&#x2F;HICSS&#x2d;final&#x2d;draft&#x2e;pdf">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;ahnjune.com&#x2F;wp-content&#x2F;uploads&#x2F;2012&#x2F;09&#x2F;HICSS-final-draft.pdf</a></li></ul>Discussion:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>June keeps referring to us as a &quot;collective&quot; - I like that (does the term have specific meaning in this context?)</li><li>Organizers have a positive influence on level of discussion (what are they doing to achieve this? could it be done by &quot;anyone&quot; in the course - if given the right prompt?)<ul class="bullet"><li>H4: Number of organizer comments will be positively correlated to (a) number of active commenters and (b) avg. comments per commenter.&nbsp;</li><li>Organizer comments were not correlated to the presence of more active commenters (H4a). However, organizer comments were positively related to more average contributions per commenter (H4b).</li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dl&#x2e;dropboxusercontent&#x2e;com&#x2F;u&#x2F;12828081&#x2F;haavind&#x25;20in&#x25;20JALN&#x2e;pdf">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;dl.dropboxusercontent.com&#x2F;u&#x2F;12828081&#x2F;haavind%20in%20JALN.pdf</a></li><li>Haavind&#x27;s research supports the Organizer getting out of the way as soon as possible--what are June&#x27;s recommendations?</li></ul></li><li>Interaction prompts lead to higher rates of participation--what else can we do&#x2F;recommendations for future courses? Would be interesting to cross this with School of Data mailgun data.</li><li>Does organizer contribution attract more new contributors? (It wasn&#x27;t clear to me)</li><li>Do we know more about the relationship between active users and return visitors? Are the active users and the return users the same people? Or are there different active users within a larger group of return visitors each week?</li><li>Given the huge differences between weekly activity levels, what are the reasons for those spikes?</li><li>From the paper &quot;For new joiners, having clear prompts in course pages is related to more active participation. For returning participants, more organizer activity promotes greater participant activity.&quot; - I would have assumed that new joiners primarily appear in the first week(s)? Is that not the case?&nbsp;</li><li>Limitation of comparison across courses. Why didn&#x27;t we provide P2PU usernames, which would have allowed this?</li><li>Interested in looking at School of Webcraft challenges? (We have a draft report &#x2F; that could be extended, expanded)<ul class="bullet"><li>Yes, this would be an awesome next study&#x2F;analysis</li><li>Here is an OLD draft of a report we never finished (only shared internally with Mozilla) -&gt; <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;dropbox&#x2e;com&#x2F;s&#x2F;z3a3t4t1d5vf2rf&#x2F;Challenges&#x5f;Lab&#x5f;Report&#x5f;Draft&#x5f;17Feb2012&#x2e;pdf">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.dropbox.com&#x2F;s&#x2F;z3a3t4t1d5vf2rf&#x2F;Challenges_Lab_Report_Draft_17Feb2012.pdf</a></li><li>There is an etherpad with some of the data Zuzel pulled out of the database for this</li><li>Also SOO challenges like Get CC Savvy that get people going through them</li></ul></li><li>June: There were questions about our analysis of &quot;comments&quot; - but comments were the only data we had.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>What data do we need to log in the future?</li><li>I think we need to see where activity is taking place, and then think if&#x2F;how to extract that data</li><li>MECMOOC Data: Clickthroughs, messages to group (not all that rich)</li></ul></li><li>Karen F: One limitation (worth digging into) is that a lot of interaction happened outside of comments (people used twitter, other wikis, etc.) - A lot of these issues are similar to those we struggle with on participant formal assessment as well.</li><li>Would love for this study to be carried out on SOO courses!</li></ul><br><br><strong>Course UX Feedback</strong> (via&nbsp; thread on the School of Open list, and this pad: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;school&#x2d;of&#x2d;open&#x2d;course&#x2d;feedback">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;school-of-open-course-feedback</a>&nbsp;<br><br>Process<br><br>PS: How do we get better at compiling, discussing, prioritizing and then implementing these requests?&nbsp;<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Jane: In terms of process, let&#x27;s spend some time complining feedback, and then do a call with everyone who cares and work through them</li><li>VMG: I&#x27;d love to see a design brief &#x2F; list of feature requests aligned with our dev sprints</li></ul><br>[DRAFT] How we make decisions about which requests to address:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>How many people are affected? (is the issue generalizable, who benefits?)</li><li>How much of a difference will it make to them? (fixes a super annoying issues, let&#x27;s them do amazing new things)</li><li>How much work is it?</li><li>Do we have project funding aligned with this request? (this is not a requirement, but it makes it easier to address specific requests)</li><li>Will it disprupt&#x2F;limit other features currently being used?</li><li>How aligned is it with our vision&#x2F;mission broader goals?</li></ul><br><u>Badges</u><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Awesome work! How can we also account for older, less tech-savvy, and formal&nbsp; course participants? eg. peers who are taking this to fulfill&nbsp; professional development training via Copyright 4 Educators. Suggested&nbsp; tweaks:<ul class="bullet"><li>Language&nbsp; on the site and when prompting people to fill in forms is fun, but may&nbsp; be a little too playful and trip up the experience for this type of&nbsp; audience. Can we make it more neutral to account for diverse, cultural&nbsp; and international, audiences?<ul class="bullet"><li>If some people are required&#x2F;recommended to do this by their employers, we should make sure that it doesn&#x27;t alienate them.&nbsp;</li><li>Downside is that &quot;neutral&quot; ricks getting boring (We don&#x27;t want to be described as boring) -&gt; Not if you do it properly... Let&#x27;s see examples. I&#x27;m not convinced. Google&#x27;s messaging Is boring. No, microsoft is boring (MSFT is icky, Google is boring)</li><li>Might look over the voice and tone guide that we all agreed upon and made to gauge what&#x27;s in &#x2F; what&#x27;s out :)</li></ul></li><li>Critiques&nbsp; - suggest not requiring this field and focus on positive feedback and&nbsp; what might be improved instead. Maybe can still have this field, but not&nbsp; require it.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>What does this mean? Please say more. I think Delia meant the &quot;concerns&quot; field.. her concern was that people want to feel encouraged, so should always frame feedback in a positive way. maybe just a dif way of wording that and also make it optional to fill in (dunno if it is already- then not an issue).</li></ul></li><li>Need to have capability where only creator can issue badge. This is&nbsp; important for any course facilitators associated with&nbsp; orgs&#x2F;institutions&#x2F;gov&#x27;ts (eg. National Copyright Unit of AU, CC) - S of Ed has had requests for this as well.<ul class="bullet"><li>Dirk Erika and I discussed this. We&#x27;re putting together a logic model for you. Yay!</li></ul></li><li>Make more clear to badge owner all the little steps they need to take to&nbsp; make sure they can issue badge, eg. check email for badge email, then&nbsp; do, etc.</li><li><strong>Overall: want the platform to allow for all different types of badge creation -&nbsp; whether playful or more formal - by neutralizing language.</strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Could you please point to which language in particular is an issue? Important to balance needs of users and power of engagement.</li><li>Spiffy &#x2F; nifty &#x2F; masterpiece &#x2F;glory examples of whats too far (we can ask Delia for more specific examples if needed)</li><li>P2PU Voice and Tone Guide: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1nwXBKZgb06zuxVxD&#x5f;Ri&#x2d;J2M0&#x5f;s3uZxb0P6ezqmd2&#x5f;kM&#x2F;edit">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1nwXBKZgb06zuxVxD_Ri-J2M0_s3uZxb0P6ezqmd2_kM&#x2F;edit</a> - oh, i didn&#x27;t know this existed!</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><u>Course UX suggestions</u><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Disqus&nbsp; - Ability to turn Disqus on and off, or some other way of making clear to participants that they shouldn&#x27;t use it for a particular course<ul class="bullet"><li>Question:Did you find that Disqus worked as well as the old (single log on) comments? No. The old challenge comments really work well... continue to eg. for Get CC Savvy</li><li>Is there a Django app for threaded discussions that is well maintained? The upside of disqus is that we don&#x27;t have to worry about it (at all). The downside is that they made design changes over the past 6 months that we didn&#x27;t like very much.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Enable collaborative course development - how can we do this via course ux with multliple organizers? eg. revision history?<ul class="bullet"><li>Revision information is stored, but not displayed atm. I think it would be useful to show.<ul class="bullet"><li>1st easy step would be showing a list of authors</li><li>2nd step, showing history of edits</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Archiving course pages - how can we archive pages we don&#x27;t use for any reason?<ul class="bullet"><li>Deleting pages arhives them, do you need them again afterwards? Yes - if we need them how can organizer still access them? From their POV it&#x27;s gone - poof!</li></ul></li><li>Draft course pages - can we save course pages as drafts for use later? eg. Tumblr and blogs allow for this.</li><li>Scheduling for different timezones - using external tools to schedule stuff, is there way to integrate?<ul class="bullet"><li>don&#x27;t know, would be interesting to hear what other people use. Maybe there&#x27;s something that gives you an iframe to embed?</li><li>Sounds good. Doodle does this well. It would be useful, but I am worried that this is actually much harder to do properly than it seems. I&#x27;d rather use external services.</li></ul></li><li><strong>P2PU course running on a dif platform</strong> - how can we still be part of P2PU&nbsp; and&#x2F;or School of Open but point people else where for the actual course?&nbsp; eg. handle sign-up and initial course communication via P2PU but would&nbsp; be more of a splash page that goes somewhere else. Right now with disqus&nbsp; and everything - it confuses people where the course is running, even&nbsp; if we try to make clear in text.<ul class="bullet"><li>We can list courses running on a different platform Yeah - the list isn&#x27;t ideal bc then course sign-ups, initial communication isn&#x27;t handled. and also, less evident why this is part of p2pu - but should be, esp if we are encouraging folks to leverage the web!</li><li>One thing to work through (needs more thinking) is how we handle sign-ups. Is there value in still supporting sign-up through P2PU, or just link out.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Announcements</strong> - no history of sent messages. ability to look back on what we sent to who. currently an empty box you type into.. don&#x27;t know where it&#x27;s going, how it&#x27;s formatted, what the &quot;from&quot; or &quot;subject&quot; field will look like.<ul class="bullet"><li>The&nbsp; fact that the #hashtag field in &quot;Settings&quot; feeds into the subject line&nbsp;&nbsp; of &quot;Announcements&quot; is not obvious. What else does it do? We would&nbsp; prefer to have the course name (without a #, and with the ability to use&nbsp; spaces) in the subject line -- or, ideally, just generic control over&nbsp; the subject line. Agreed: 20 characters makes for a very short subject line, and not being able to use spaces is tricky.</li><li>Accounting for people who sign up after we send out initial announcement? Maybe announcement could have ability to auto-send a customized greeting to new students when they enroll.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Email&nbsp; addresses</strong> are the only way that makes sense -- so how to get them as course facilitators while abiding by privacy policy, etc. - as new students sign up as well. Do we go through Dirk each and every time?&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Also&nbsp; - with emails we have no username&#x2F;identity to attach to them the&nbsp; current way we get them. Would be good to have a list of the course&nbsp; participants.<ul class="bullet"><li>+1 from School of Ed - This was been a consistent need&#x2F;challenge for us over the last two years.</li></ul></li><li>would improved announcements solve the need for email addresses? possibly - depending on how improved! but keep in mind email addresses are also used for splitting people up into small groups and discussion and questions, not just announcements</li></ul></li><li><strong>People page</strong> - the main piece of information facilitators seek is the username and total enrollment number. How to make these clear.<ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul></li><li>Not quite clear what it means to &quot;Follow&quot; someone or to be &quot;Followed&quot;.</li><li>Brief explanations around certain form fields - Confused&nbsp; by non-English on the Settings page - Gearchiveerd, Gesloten? Also not sure what &quot;rolling term&quot; means in this context - perhaps some text to clarify? Same with most metadata fields- perhaps a brief explanation of what these terms mean and how the data will be used.</li><li>Text editing<ul class="bullet"><li>Markup isn&#x27;t entirely intuitive for newbies. Can we have some notes for people or a preface with tips? Didn&#x27;t realize for a while that moving text around while editing text&nbsp; wouldn&#x27;t&nbsp; automatically update the footnote order - so ended up with&nbsp; wrong&nbsp; citations attached to text during course development. Perhaps a&nbsp; note to users to this effect.</li><li>+ 1 (even for me :)</li><li>+1 I asked about this a while ago, am willing to make up a cheat sheet (other than the one linked to in the &quot;editing&quot; mode)</li><li>An edit button at the top as well as bottom of each page would be greatly appreciated, for work on longer pages requring extensive edits.<ul class="bullet"><li>I think an earlier mockup had this. +1</li></ul></li><li>If the &quot;Start Course&quot; button were visible in the first screen it would not be necessary to add a sentence explaining to people where to click to sign up for the course.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Titles in the course boxes get cut off </strong>-- would be nice if it didn&#x27;t!<ul class="bullet"><li>+1 Ha, this person has a sense of humor. sorry - that was me! (jane)</li></ul></li><li>P2PU&nbsp; doesn&#x27;t work with older versions explorer. Make sure course ux works in all standard browsers - not just Chrome and Firefox (the open ones).<ul class="bullet"><li>This is tricky - takes a lot of work, for very little pay-off. Our community is a Chrome&#x2F;Firefox community. And (almost) everyone is able to use those browsers. Maybe we should improve messaging around this -&gt; &quot;Hey, it appears you&#x27;re browser isn&#x27;t supported here. You can upgrade for free to a newer version of .... &quot;</li><li>But our community isn&#x27;t just chrome&#x2F;firefox. educators and older people (lifelong learners) use explorer, safari, etc! esp if they are taking the course using their institution&#x27;s computer</li></ul></li><li>Interface doesn&#x27;t make it clear what will happen with future ux or tools. eg. the challenge ux just went away</li><li><strong>Course support toolkit or resource </strong>- Allison had developed one (or several)&nbsp; but can&#x27;t find it after searches through old wiki and archive.p2pu.org.&nbsp; Where is this so we can adapt and update?<ul class="bullet"><li>should this be on help.p2pu.org? or is it an old course?</li></ul></li><li>How do you clone a course?<ul class="bullet"><li>not implemented atm for the new UX</li></ul></li><li>Q from DU: how do you run a course again?<ul class="bullet"><li>Is the old cloning feature working now?</li><li>No</li><li>We&#x27;ll do it manually - copy paste stuff over for now. but would be good if this was enabled bc we&#x27;ll be running many instances of several courses</li></ul></li></ul><br><br>DU &#x2F; Question - There are cool courses we don&#x27;t know about. Do we want to do something about this?<br><br>Randow question: Is the &quot;old&quot; (last) P2PU system going away anytime?&nbsp;<br><ul class="bullet"><li>We should definiely &quot;archive&quot; it somewhere before it goes away... (helps with the research side of things etc.). We (at UMD) might be able to help with storing past iterations if you are interested</li><li>School of Ed is still using it...so let us know if it&#x27;s goign away at any point</li><li>School of Open is still using all the challenges - as part of our current courses! please let us know if this happens ahead of time so we can do something about our popular challenges like Get CC Savvy</li></ul><br></body>
</html>
