<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>devsummer</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>Roadmap</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Mojo learning lab (now to July 11th) -- 1 week</li><li>SoW -- summer dev (from July 11th, one milestone at the end of august and another one on october associated with Mozilla board meetings)</li><li>PD of P2PU -- summer dev (from July 14th to September 15th with more than one milestone and the first milestone half way though August)</li></ul><br><strong>Mojo Learning Labs</strong> (in order on priority) -- past talks on <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;mojo">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;mojo</a><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Admin: Create users and add their participants manually when they send us the data (emails, ...) [done]</li><li>Feature: Allow discussions on the wall [done]</li><li>Feature: Filter activity from the wall to see a view of the disscusions happening on a group [done]</li><li>Feature:&nbsp; Groups conf options for which are the default notification settings for&nbsp; participants [participants for this course where created with their&nbsp; notification settings on off for the course] and disabling addition of&nbsp; tasks for participants [by settings groups &#x27;kind&#x27; to course now the&nbsp; difference between participants and organizers contains this change]</li><li>Feature: Classify what we now know&nbsp; as tasks into different subsets: tasks, material, ... [not done --&nbsp; pending refactoring of the related functionality which is also necessary&nbsp; for school of webcraft]</li><li>Embed external chat client --etherpad includes a chat [embeded web irc chat].</li></ul>&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<strong>Sow -- summer dev</strong> ( <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;etherpad&#x2e;mozilla&#x2e;com&#x3a;9000&#x2F;SoWToronto&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;etherpad.mozilla.com:9000&#x2F;SoWToronto)</a>:<br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Make wireframe and send to dev list for review (jessica) (was told to hold off on this till after meetings -- Jessica)</li><li>Basic functional 0.1 integration of peer assessed badges<ul class="bullet"><li>Use badges as a key <strong>metric </strong>for success.</li><li>Leveling up through a set of tasks</li><li>Each tasks = a badge</li><li>Have confidence internally by August (ideally by 8.8.2011)</li><li>Meeting at beginning of August</li><li>Production: October</li></ul></li><li>Tasks Independent + tags.</li><li>Schools (metric, wall&#x2F;communication, content)</li><li>Overal community (communication, digest).</li><li>Mentors<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;scrunchup&#x2e;com&#x2F;mentorship&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;scrunchup.com&#x2F;mentorship&#x2F;</a></li><li>Allow users inside p2pu to offer mentorship for one-on-one coaching</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>Teacher PD on P2PU</strong> -- summer dev (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;k12opened&#x2e;com&#x2F;blog&#x2F;archives&#x2F;581&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.k12opened.com&#x2F;blog&#x2F;archives&#x2F;581)</a><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Analytics -- (Contracted) Rough screen layouts and database structure ready for review and no later than August 15; complete implementation September 15 [Jessica].</li><li>Sign-up task customization - need by mid-Aug. - Note: A perfectly acceptable interim solution for this for the round of courses for me would be to disable the standard sign-up process for our courses and then we&#x27;d just create our own sign-up form.[first version done]</li><li>(not sure if this fits here) Bug fixes on notifications, if in fact this is a bug - I&#x27;m not sure of the extent of the issue, but am concerned about this because in the last P2PU course I facilitated, the notification thing caused a significant number of people to drop&#x2F;lose any communications with the course. -<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;qa&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;questions&#x2F;151&#x2F;notifications&#x2d;on&#x2d;new&#x2d;system&#x2d;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;qa.p2pu.org&#x2F;questions&#x2F;151&#x2F;notifications-on-new-system-</a>&nbsp;</li><li>File uploads, including images - would like by mid-Aug.; early Sept. at latest [pending quotes and filetypes]</li><li>Embeds&nbsp; - would like by mid-Aug&#x2F;early Sept.if possible (It&#x27;s not that hard for us to go back through the courses and add these before we start.) [done]</li></ul><br></body>
</html>
