<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>community-20130627</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>P2PU Community Call</strong><br><strong>27 June 2013</strong><br><strong>General Report Back</strong><br><br><br><strong>We&#x27;re hanging out here: </strong><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;plus&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;hangouts&#x2F;&#x5f;&#x2F;fea5ee3551e401f7de7bb66b07f3c65383cd0a23&#x3f;authuser&#x3d;0&amp;hl&#x3d;en"><strong>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;plus.google.com&#x2F;hangouts&#x2F;_&#x2F;fea5ee3551e401f7de7bb66b07f3c65383cd0a23?authuser=0&amp;hl=en</strong></a><strong> Join us!</strong><br><br><strong>Attendees:</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Vanessa</li><li>Bekka</li><li>Dirk</li><li>John</li><li>Philipp</li><li>Jane Park</li><li>Chris</li><li>Erika</li></ul><br><strong>Agenda</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li><strong><u>Progress (what we&#x27;ve been working on)</u></strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Assessment principles</li><li>How We Learn Revision: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;info&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;about&#x2F;how&#x2d;we&#x2d;learn&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;info.p2pu.org&#x2F;about&#x2F;how-we-learn&#x2F;</a> (feedback welcome)<ul class="bullet"><li>Please also share by email - I think it&#x27;s important that everyone look at this and we refine as needed</li></ul></li><li>Badge Integration</li><li>Supporting MOOC Research Initative</li><li>Supporting School of Open in designing Badges</li><li>BK:&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Newsletter</li><li>Boston logistics</li><li>Getting legal eye on our data policy</li></ul></li><li>OER Research Hub collab - just need to send in forms but looks like JP will be in London week of October 14 to work on SOO related research questions--yay! which means I will be meeting up with you Bekka! Maybe we can throw a SOO workshop&#x2F;meetup w&#x2F;Mick, you, Nadeem + whoever else...<ul class="bullet"><li>FYI - I submitted a proposal for SOO workshop at Wikimedia OER in Germany in September awesome! let me know how i can support</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><strong><u>Priorities (focus next week)</u></strong><ul class="bullet"><li>Case Studies for Assessment principles</li><li>Designing next iteration of Data Explorer Mission</li><li>Blog post on release of integration with P2PU</li><li>Blog post: Badge-related help available during office hours</li><li>BK:<ul class="bullet"><li>Boston logistics</li><li>MOOC report</li><li>Publishing School of Ed report</li><li>HP Grant with School of Ed</li></ul></li><li>Send out experimental emails from Python MOOC</li><li>Exporting emails for trusted course organizers</li><li>JP: Cloning a course? ,&lt;- will work on this next week great!<ul class="bullet"><li>SOO badges</li><li>SOO Round 2 prep, etc.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><strong><u>Problems (walls we ran into on the way)</u></strong><ul class="bullet"><li>BK:<ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse signup and communications - We need to set up a process what happens when stuff is broken (not expect to just be one person responsibility)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><strong><u>Process (org stuff)</u></strong></li><li><strong><u>Ideas (on the horizon)</u></strong></li></ul><br><strong>Discussion</strong><br><br><br><br><strong>(1) Working with partners</strong> - re: mail thread 20 June<br><br>What are challenges for working with partners? How can we get better at it?<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Who is the ultimate decision-maker &#x2F; Project Manager &#x2F; Driver?<ul class="bullet"><li>+1... working with a group of volunteers is challenging, but so is &quot;partnering&quot; with an org that doesn&#x27;t run traditionally, but also awesome! Just need to know who is making final decisions for each area, eg. tech, badges, etc. Usually bring up on community call, but then it seems I can talk to some other person to get things done better</li><li>Who is driving the bus? Identify dependencies. Remind people when stuff is due.</li></ul></li><li>Communication &#x2F; who reports to whom? +1 .</li><li>Who does reporting &#x2F; blog posting &#x2F; community outreach and publicity</li><li>It seems more traditional but have you considered something along the lines of an MOU - memorandum of understanding that highlights who is responsible for each of those items? You could even use a dedicated Etherpad for each partner to&nbsp;</li><li>Can we identify some of the problems, so that we can see what the key issues are to avoid them in the future?<ul class="bullet"><li>The mechanical Mooc has many aims with different people interested in the different aims (e.g. there is a research component - VMG working with June, we are refining the platform - DU, Steve cares about the content and the community). But these also influence each other and don&#x27;t happen in isolation. Research decisions influence tech. Course facilitation relies on tech. Etc.</li><li>Knowing how these projects fit in with our general activities (tech, communications) needs to be clear, so that we can help people to publicise courses &#x2F; share research &#x2F; alert people to news</li><li>Sometimes expectations are unclear. What does each partner bring to the table?&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>(2) P2PU Projects</strong> - <em>Getting more clarity on all the things that are going on.&nbsp;</em><br><br>(A) List of Projects -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;projects">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;projects</a><br><ul class="bullet"><li>During the community call: Review list of projects and discuss questions in the projects etherpad</li></ul><br>(B) Project Template -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;projects&#x2d;template">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;projects-template</a><br><ul class="bullet"><li>During the community call: Review and agree on template</li><li>Do we want to track the budget in the template?</li></ul><br>(C) Next step: Team members to create project templates for their projects<br><br>Parking Lot for Strategy Meeting:<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Projects relate&#x2F;map to our long-term goals? Example: Wikimedia</li></ul><br><strong>(3) Improve our collaboration process across projects</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>A - Community call<ul class="bullet"><li>Stick to the progress&#x2F;priorities template, but</li><li>Report on a projecty-by-project basis (rather than focus on what each person has worked on) +1</li><li>Different people can add notes to each project (we often have more than one person working on a project)</li></ul></li><li>B - &quot;Stand-ups&quot;<ul class="bullet"><li>Also add regular (more than once a week) check-ins</li><li>Could be a live stand-up, or asynchronous post on Discourse</li><li>&quot;This is what I am busy with&quot; AND &quot;This is what I could use help with&quot;</li><li>Start with Office hours and Community Call (twice a week)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><br><br></body>
</html>
