<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<title>dirk</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<style> * { font-family: arial, sans-serif;
font-size: 13px;
line-height: 17px; }ul.indent { list-style-type: none; }ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: lower-latin; }ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-roman; }ol ol ol ol ol ol ol { list-style-type: decimal; }ol  ol ol ol ol ol ol ol{ list-style-type: lower-latin; }</style>
</head>
<body><strong>Template</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Aloha - How is Dirk&#x27;s world?</em></li><li><em>Check-in &#x2F; Lab book</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Development (writing code, reviewing code, fixing bugs)</li><li>Conceptual Design (thinking about solutions, discussing ideas with others)</li><li>Support</li><li>Sysadmin (pushing out releases, etc.)</li></ul></li></ul><br>Project Management:<br><ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;dirk&#x2d;s&#x2d;todo&#x2F;4f7aa81b6f0fc2d24d99dd47">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;dirk-s-todo&#x2F;4f7aa81b6f0fc2d24d99dd47</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;dirk&#x5f;thoughts">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;dirk_thoughts</a></li></ul><br>Parking Lot<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Music MOOC (waiting on planning)</li><li>Data MOOC (waiting on input from OKFN)</li></ul><br><strong>Sept 24</strong><br><br>Music MOOC<br><ul class="bullet"><li>DNS registered through domain cheap</li><li>Also hosted by domain cheap. It is not possible&#x2F;recommended to point a top naked domain to Heroku using linode DNS hosting</li><li>Signup up at <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;playwithyourmusic&#x2e;org&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.playwithyourmusic.org&#x2F;</a></li><li>Copy updated, but may need some corrections&#x2F;tweeks</li><li>Email setup through playwithyourmusic.p2pu.org</li><li>Signup form is a little ugly atm</li></ul><br>Mooc class photo<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Fixed problem with cross site POST request used to upload profile pictures to S3</li><li>Setup a separate MOOC with all the moving parts at <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;mooc&#x2d;signup&#x2d;test&#x2e;herokuapp&#x2e;com&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;mooc-signup-test.herokuapp.com&#x2F;</a></li><li>Need to handle profiles for people who didn&#x27;t sign up<ul class="bullet"><li>AJAX request to check if email address is signed up for the MOOC</li><li>Return error&#x2F;warning when user create profile without having signed up</li><li>Or maybe we should just redirect the user to the 2nd step of signup?</li></ul></li><li>Profile images need to be resized&#x2F;scaled to avoid serving huge images</li><li>Store twitter handle when user fetches data from twitter</li><li>Form validation&#x2F;error feedback</li></ul><br><strong>Sep 17</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Mooc class gallery<ul class="bullet"><li>user can upload image, fill in bio &amp; confirm update via email</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Mooc class gallery<ul class="bullet"><li>investigate twitter signup to get profile picture and twitter handle</li><li>update CSS to make things look better</li><li>images needs to be scaled</li><li>investigate seeding data (what images can we use?)</li></ul></li><li>Feedback &amp; suggestions from Jane<ul class="bullet"><li>SOO Landing page (1 week)</li></ul></li><li>Etherpad<ul class="bullet"><li>check pricing options for hackpad</li></ul></li><li>Data dump for June</li><li>Follow up with Bekka abou Adwords</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse notification emails&nbsp;</li></ul><br><br><strong>Sep 10</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Got a battery charger! (cargador)</li><li>Started work on social confirmation for MOOCs</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Reach out to OKFN about their etherpad setup</li><li>Music MOOC</li><li>MOOCs backend</li><li>Data MOOC (waiting to confirm with VMG)</li><li>Deeper Learning MOOC</li><li>Online offline MOOC (to think about it)</li><li>Social confirmation process</li><li>P2PU top navigation bar</li><li>CSS framework</li><li>Analytics<ul class="bullet"><li>(Nadeem)</li><li>Adwords intern (follow up with Bekka)</li></ul></li><li>Badges</li><li>Schools landing page (based on conversation with Jane)</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse notification email links not working (from Germany)</li><li>DL MOOC video on sign-up confirmation page not working</li></ul>Process<br><br><br><strong>Aug 13</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Home page out the door (sweet! we haven&#x27;t told anyone about it)</li><li>Etherpad not fixed, but we have a workaround for now</li><li>Gather data from sequence 1,2 &amp; 3 of the Python Mechanical Mooc</li><li>DNS updated for info.p2pu.org</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Wrapping up data for June</li><li>Deeper learning MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>DNS</li><li>heroku</li><li>signup questions</li><li>mailgun</li></ul></li><li>Brief EP for when I&#x27;m away<ul class="bullet"><li>ask her to follow up with Nadeem</li></ul></li><li>Signup&#x2F;social presence for mechanical mooc<ul class="bullet"><li>we want to use it for the data explorrer mission</li></ul></li><li>Let VMG know about implications of using Google Form sign-up<ul class="bullet"><li>No immediate confirmation email</li><li>Data might require cleaning before handing it over to Dirk</li></ul></li><li>Adwords<ul class="bullet"><li>talk about it on the Community call<ul class="bullet"><li>using keywords vs site ads</li></ul></li><li>make sure Bekka has permissions to add users to the adwords interface</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br>Problems<br><br><br><strong>Aug 6</strong><br><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Performance reviews</li><li>Boston workshop</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Stats from the Mechanical MOOC for June</li><li>Course list<ul class="bullet"><li>Remove old courses in community picks list</li><li>Add School of Open courses (and mention this on discourse)</li></ul></li><li>Home page<ul class="bullet"><li>Check if people part slows down page to much?</li><li>Release homepage if everything is working</li></ul></li><li>Etherpad (still a headache) - Will fix after Boston<ul class="bullet"><li>find a version that works<ul class="bullet"><li>if possible - go back to v1.1</li><li>this is working: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;piratepad&#x2e;be&#x2F;p&#x2F;test&#x2d;speed">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;piratepad.be&#x2F;p&#x2F;test-speed</a></li></ul></li><li>or fix the problem</li><li>find hosted solution</li></ul></li><li>PS Send email to Erika about vacation dates</li><li>Google adwords<ul class="bullet"><li>DU to follow up with BK about call with volunteer</li></ul></li><li>Signup&#x2F;social presence for mechanical mooc<ul class="bullet"><li>less of an prioritity right now</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br>Problems<br><br><br>Timeplanning<br><ul class="bullet"><li>6 Aug &#x2F; Tue - Online</li><li>Wed - Online</li><li>Thu - Half day (calls)</li><li>Fri - Mixed</li><li>12 Aug &#x2F; Mon - Mixed</li><li>Tue - Online</li><li>Wed - Online</li><li>Thu - calls</li><li>2 Sep &#x2F; CHILE</li></ul><br>Adwords<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Intern needs access to GA account</li><li>Mini report on what we have and how it is working</li><li>Decide Promotion targets going forward</li></ul><br><br><strong><u>30 Jul</u></strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Community picks - new picks were added. Still need to remove old ones.</li><li>Featured badges caching done - This let&#x27;s us feature them on the home page</li><li>Started preparing some overall P2PU analytics &#x2F; stats</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>*** Google AdWords</li><li>New Home Page<ul class="bullet"><li>Top navigation -&gt; badges, courses</li><li>Home page -&gt; Consider opening new tabs for some of the links (e.g. Schools)</li><li>Remove &quot;Find a course&quot; and &quot;Take a tour&quot; section</li></ul></li><li>Course list<ul class="bullet"><li>Remove old courses in community picks list</li><li>Add School of Open courses (and mention this on discourse)</li></ul></li><li>Prepare stats overview for P2PU strategy meeting<ul class="bullet"><li>DB &amp; Google Analytics</li></ul></li><li>Etherpad (still a headache) - Will fix after Boston</li><li>Prepare performance review for Erika</li></ul><br><br><strong><u>23 Jul</u></strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Find great courses goes to Community Picks</li><li>Blog post about changes<ul class="bullet"><li>BK to publish it on Wednesday</li></ul></li><li>Resolved issue for School Open Open wrt having multiple headings for courses<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;schools&#x2F;school&#x2d;of&#x2d;open&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;schools&#x2F;school-of-open&#x2F;</a></li><li>Nice!</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse<ul class="bullet"><li>Upgrade on heroku not trivial</li><li>More background on EC2 installation -&gt;&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;sciencehackday">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;sciencehackday</a></li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1PtXgYrEsOedcM9yg5X1rgCGtEbk3i12YE5FQEEeqs9w">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;1PtXgYrEsOedcM9yg5X1rgCGtEbk3i12YE5FQEEeqs9w</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;ec2&#x2d;54&#x2d;227&#x2d;248&#x2d;5&#x2e;compute&#x2d;1&#x2e;amazonaws&#x2e;com&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;ec2-54-227-248-5.compute-1.amazonaws.com&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Etherpad<ul class="bullet"><li>Test if pull request solves the problem: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;ether&#x2F;etherpad&#x2d;lite&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1833">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;ether&#x2F;etherpad-lite&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1833</a></li><li>Hosted alternative -&gt; <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;hackpad&#x2e;com&#x2F;How&#x2d;To&#x2d;Get&#x2d;Started&#x2d;Using&#x2d;Hackpad&#x2d;L1A2qCtWybQ">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;hackpad.com&#x2F;How-To-Get-Started-Using-Hackpad-L1A2qCtWybQ</a></li><li>They offer a private version that&#x27;s free for up to 5 users (USD 2 &#x2F; member &#x2F; month after that)</li></ul></li><li>Google Grants<ul class="bullet"><li>I guess this can wait until Boston?</li><li>I&#x27;m not sure. I know Bekka is working on it. What&#x27;s the deadline?</li></ul></li><li>Weekly Python MOOC email</li><li>Update community picks<ul class="bullet"><li>deploy changes to p2pu.org for using community picks on front page</li></ul></li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br><br><br><strong><u>16 Jul</u></strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>SSL certificate for P2PU renewed and installed!<ul class="bullet"><li>We needed to verify a phone contact, but then they sent us the certificates?</li></ul></li><li>3rd weekly update for Python MOOC</li><li>Storing mailgun logs offline<ul class="bullet"><li>mailgun consistently disappointing (need to discuss at boston meeting)</li></ul></li><li>SSO for disqus<ul class="bullet"><li>having some trouble testing SOO, suspect that I need to run it from a legit DNS</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Setup backups for pad.p2pu.org db<ul class="bullet"><li>Etherpad still a bit sluggish for me (let&#x27;s keep an eye on it)</li><li>For example, this is faster -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;piratepad&#x2e;net&#x2F;CGBhPxbsKP">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;piratepad.net&#x2F;CGBhPxbsKP</a></li></ul></li><li>Featured courses<ul class="bullet"><li>Update showcase - we can currently add annother course to show up on the home page</li><li>Default to staff picks (renamed to community picks) - Yes, let&#x27;s do that.</li><li>Update community picks.</li><li>UX for managing lists of courses (or Django admin interface)</li><li>Collapse &#x27;staff favourites&#x27; and &#x27;community picks&#x27; into one list</li></ul></li><li>Talking with Jane about listing courses under different headings on the school page</li><li>SSO for disqus<ul class="bullet"><li>need to test</li></ul></li><li>Homepage<ul class="bullet"><li>schedule time to talk about homepage</li></ul></li><li>Discourse<ul class="bullet"><li>Registering with Google account doesn&#x27;t work</li><li>Autoscaler plugin for Heroku could safe us some $</li><li>Update code to the latest version</li><li>Possibly move to EC2</li><li>what&#x27;s our plan of action?</li><li>If you want (and are willing to do a DB dump &#x2F; backup) we could migrate P2PU discourse to the EC2 installation I set up for citizen science</li></ul></li><li>Google grants<ul class="bullet"><li>What is needed?</li><li>Ask Bekka for non profit documentation as necessary.</li><li>DU to ask BK to reach out to find a Google Adwords intern. Probably unpaid. (P to mention to BK)</li></ul></li><li>Blog post about course UX updates?<ul class="bullet"><li>notification preferences</li><li>cloning courses</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>10 Jul (by myself :) sorry! &lt;- I didn&#x27;t think we had a meeting, just did it on my own to keep track of things</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Moved etherpad lite to EC2</li><li>Setup &#x2F;p redirect to fix links for etherpads &lt;- noticed that. thank you!</li><li>2nd weekly update for Python MOOC</li><li>Released latest updates on Lernanta<ul class="bullet"><li>cloning courses</li><li>exporting email</li><li>badges integration</li></ul></li><li>Fixed some small bugs after the release</li><li>Rewrite links for Mechanical MOOC emails when they are saved</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>3rd weekly update<ul class="bullet"><li>will find out from VMG if anything needs to change</li></ul></li><li>Move homepage forward<ul class="bullet"><li>need feedback on latest mockup</li><li>mechanics for getting&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>featured courses</li><li>featured users</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Mechanical MOOC data from mailgun<ul class="bullet"><li>need to store logs because mailgun doesn&#x27;t keep them indefinitely</li><li>need to see if we can get mailgun stats per group&#x2F;per week for opens &amp; clicks</li></ul></li><li>Renew SSL certificate</li><li>Setup backups for pad.p2pu.org db</li></ul></li><li>Process</li><li>Problems</li></ul><br><strong>2 Jul</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Python MOOC activity email</li><li>Fixed etherpad server<ul class="bullet"><li>Can you let people know about the &#x2F;p redirect?&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Export signup emails for trusted users</li><li>Almost done with cloning courses</li><li>Discussion about badges hosting with Jos</li><li>Discussion about collaboration with Joao</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Implement UX for cloning a course<ul class="bullet"><li>Q: should we only allow course organizers to clone a course? If we make it too visible we will end up with lots of cloned courses</li></ul></li><li>Release changes to lernanta</li><li>Move etherpad server to EC2 (should this be a priority?)</li><li>Python MOOC update email 2</li><li>Homepage plumbing</li><li>Single sign-on for disqus</li><li>Improving course listing</li><li>MOOC Maker<ul class="bullet"><li>What it is that we want to build?</li><li>Analytics</li><li>lifecycle for a MOOC</li><li>extra tools to build community</li></ul></li><li>Online conference hangouts that Drew is working on</li></ul></li><li>Problems</li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Set up code review with Drew for early August (you&#x27;ll meet him in Boston)</li></ul></li></ul><br><strong>25 June</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Group users for Mechanical MOOC</li><li>Set up experimental groups for research purposes (we are treating two sets of groups differently to test engagement)</li><li>Finalized blog post: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;info&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;2013&#x2F;06&#x2F;25&#x2F;building&#x2d;a&#x2d;toolkit&#x2d;for&#x2d;open&#x2d;educators&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;info.p2pu.org&#x2F;2013&#x2F;06&#x2F;25&#x2F;building-a-toolkit-for-open-educators&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Build functionality to send out extra email for Python MOOC (1-2 days)<ul class="bullet"><li>Add graph library to show group activity</li></ul></li><li>Course UX<ul class="bullet"><li>Add export email for trusted users</li><li>Cloning a course</li></ul></li><li>Support integration with badges &#x2F; Push update when that is done</li><li>(P2PU Home page)<ul class="bullet"><li>Phase 1 - Make a decision on tech platform, then get Erika involved in building first version. Also pull Joao and Bruno in.</li><li>Phase 2 - Split out toolbar as separate project (ask Erika to lead)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Links for Python Mooc emails are breaking the analytics because it got copied and paste from previous emails sent out by mailgun<ul class="bullet"><li>next steps: DU to bring this under the attention of SC and ask him to fix the links</li></ul></li><li>Discourse<ul class="bullet"><li>Cannot sign up using Google Account, but you can sign in if you already have an account on thepeople.p2pu.org<ul class="bullet"><li>What do we do? Either disable Google (cause it&#x27;s confusing), or add help text on the sign-up form, or fix it?</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Projects break-down</li><li>People feeling scattered</li></ul></li><li>Travel plans<ul class="bullet"><li>19 July</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>18 June</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Random: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;helloambassador&#x2e;co&#x2e;za&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;helloambassador.co.za&#x2F;</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Looks cool. What is this?</li></ul></li><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Blog about marvin: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;info&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;&#x3f;p&#x3d;2833&amp;preview&#x3d;true">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;info.p2pu.org&#x2F;?p=2833&amp;preview=true</a></li><li>Blog about tech progress: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;info&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;&#x3f;p&#x3d;2793&amp;preview&#x3d;true">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;info.p2pu.org&#x2F;?p=2793&amp;preview=true</a><ul class="bullet"><li>busy processing some feedback from VMG</li><li>not 100% happy with the title of the post</li></ul></li><li>Mechanical MOOC grouping for latest Python MOOC</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Grouping people for Python MOOC on Friday&#x2F;Saturday</li><li>Help VMG with data for messages we want to send to the experimental group</li><li>Home page<ul class="bullet"><li>Use a collapsible P2PU Navbar that integrates across all p2pu sites (similar to Mozilla navbar)</li><li>(PS suggestion) -&gt; Add a &quot;subscribe to our newsletter&quot; field</li><li>DU to make a decision on -&gt; What should we use to implement<ul class="bullet"><li>Wordpress</li><li>Jekyll (Github Pages engine)</li><li>Django CMS</li></ul></li><li>Map out next steps for technical infrastructure<ul class="bullet"><li>Put redirects in place</li><li>Integrate uniform P2PU navbars</li><li>Make sure authentication works</li><li>etc...</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems</li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Software development collaborations with Media Lab<ul class="bullet"><li>P2PU tech staff to learn about the Google Hangout Unconference tools (PS invited Drew)</li><li>Help out with Scratch website (PS to find out more about the work, DU &#x2F; PS to decide if it&#x27;s close enough to our aims)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Other<ul class="bullet"><li>Implement group presence features -&gt; VMG to drive</li><li><s>Can we use the mechanical MOOC for the P2PU newsletter? (Can we use it to make coffee?)</s></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>11 June</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Tech strategy call&#x2F; discussion</li><li>Fixed small issues with Mechanical MOOC text emails<ul class="bullet"><li>There was a problem with text emails we sent out (text emails contained HTML)</li><li>Updated to rewrite URLs: &lt;a href=&#x27;url.com&#x27;&gt;link name&lt;&#x2F;a&gt; -&gt; link name: url.com</li><li>Disabled click-through image for text emails</li></ul></li><li>Redesigning Home page: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;slideshare&#x2e;net&#x2F;dirkcuys&#x2F;homepage&#x2d;22549056">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.slideshare.net&#x2F;dirkcuys&#x2F;homepage-22549056</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Had a good chat during office hours &amp; discussion on discourse (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2d;discourse&#x2e;herokuapp&#x2e;com&#x2F;t&#x2F;improving&#x2d;the&#x2d;home&#x2d;page&#x2d;give&#x2d;a&#x2d;better&#x2d;idea&#x2d;of&#x2d;what&#x2d;s&#x2d;going&#x2d;on&#x2d;at&#x2d;p2pu&#x2F;34&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu-discourse.herokuapp.com&#x2F;t&#x2F;improving-the-home-page-give-a-better-idea-of-what-s-going-on-at-p2pu&#x2F;34)</a></li></ul></li><li>Notifications finished<ul class="bullet"><li>Not deployed yet, but will include it in the next update&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Next step for home page redesign.<ul class="bullet"><li>Community call discussion:<ul class="bullet"><li>DU to prepare rough mock-up to make sure we don&#x27;t forget anything<ul class="bullet"><li>Consider the different types of content</li></ul></li><li>Key question for community call</li></ul></li><li>Fixed format vs. flexible format&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Fixed = different parts of the page to display different types of content</li><li>Flexible = generic block can be filled with different types of content</li></ul></li><li>Automaticaly aggregating vs Manually gardening &#x2F; curating<ul class="bullet"><li>Rough consensus -&gt; manual gardening to start&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>Starting point current front-page vs blog<ul class="bullet"><li>Rough consensus -&gt; blog is a better starting point</li></ul></li><li>Then start thinking about tech implementation<ul class="bullet"><li>URL space is difficult to manage with Wordpress</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Grouping users for the Python MOOC before 17 June<ul class="bullet"><li>Need to write grouping script</li><li>Make make code changes to enable differentiation between treatment&#x2F;control groups</li></ul></li><li>Blog post about tech strategy</li><li>Future:<ul class="bullet"><li>Working through UX feedback from SOOpen and SoData<ul class="bullet"><li>Hoping to finish end of June - hard deadline is mid July for next round SoOpen</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Staging &amp; Testing process</li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse hosting not moving forward?</li><li>Is this a problem? P and Bekka noticed an increase in notifications (some duplicates)</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse file&#x2F;image uploads<ul class="bullet"><li>Move files onto EC2</li><li>Make this part of planned hosting upgrade (OAuth &amp; file hosting)</li><li>DU to set up a trello board</li></ul></li><li>Trello&#x2F;Gnatt charts for projects?<ul class="bullet"><li>-&gt; Tech call</li></ul></li><li>Django 1.3 reached end of life a while back<ul class="bullet"><li>-&gt; Tech call</li></ul></li><li>Add documentation about Mailgun?<ul class="bullet"><li>Cannot remember what documentation this was supposed to be?</li><li>Adding links to existing Mailgun documentation (&quot;it&#x27;s not obvious how this works&quot;)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>4 June</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Notification handling at P2PU<ul class="bullet"><li>Most users don&#x27;t care, but the few who care, care a lot</li><li>Build something slightly more coarse that let&#x27;s those who care, turn off notifications</li></ul></li><li>Start talking about home page<ul class="bullet"><li>possibly drop top nav for home page</li><li>blog tiles</li><li>twitter feed</li><li>community picks</li><li>aggregation</li><li>curation</li><li>schools</li><li>about P2PU (tiles for the programmes&#x2F;activities of P2PU)</li><li>two ways to think about this -&gt; starting with p2pu.org vs starting with info.p2pu.org</li></ul></li><li>Discourse hosting<ul class="bullet"><li>CE to implement OAuth</li><li>DU to update DNS</li></ul></li><li>Add documentation about Mailgun? (see last week)</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Finish notifications</li><li>Home page discussion on community call</li><li>Give CE direction on discourse OAuth set-up</li><li>Other UX<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;feedback&#x2d;and&#x2d;suggestions&#x2F;519f1f8ec9622886280016ff">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;feedback-and-suggestions&#x2F;519f1f8ec9622886280016ff</a></li></ul></li><li>Tech strategy (call on Thursday)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>28 May</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Upgraded linode running p2pu.org</li><li>Sent out email to previous signups for the Python Mooc (+24 more for the first 100 signups!!)</li><li>We have more than 1000 signups for this round (this is great!)</li><li>Went over stats for Data MOOC with VMG - don&#x27;t have per user and per list opens &amp; clicks because we didn&#x27;t use campaigns</li><li>Discussed Course UX feedback and created trello board at <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;feedback&#x2d;and&#x2d;suggestions&#x2F;519f1f8ec9622886280016ff">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;feedback-and-suggestions&#x2F;519f1f8ec9622886280016ff</a></li><li>API keys for AWS set up, thanks</li><li>Updated documentation for the Mechanical Mooc: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;mechanical&#x2d;mooc">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;mechanical-mooc</a> and <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;mechanical&#x2d;mooc&#x2F;wiki">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;mechanical-mooc&#x2F;wiki</a></li><li>Finished being 27 (well done!)</li></ul>Priotities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Implementation of feedback and suggestions</li><li>Course announcement opt-out</li><li>Homepage, we need to discuss what we want to do<ul class="bullet"><li>Make it a showcase of what&#x27;s going on across the entire P2PU community</li><li>Great courses, awesome projects on badges.org, new MOOC, research reports ...&nbsp;</li><li>Offer ways to connect</li><li>Other things to consider:<ul class="bullet"><li>Effort needed to implement<ul class="bullet"><li>URLs of existing pages</li></ul></li><li>Ease of maintaining (updating content)</li><li>Wordpress vs Django vs Jekyll vs ???</li></ul></li><li>Easy access to:&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Blog</li><li>Discourse</li><li>Courses</li><li>Badges</li><li>Mech MOOCs</li></ul></li><li><strong>next steps</strong>:&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>inform community about our plans, tell about process -&gt; draft&#x2F;proposal&#x2F;mock&#x2F;feedback</li><li>present draft in community call</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Lets start talking about tech strategy<ul class="bullet"><li>What are the components atm that are critical for us?</li><li>What are the tools that we want to develop?</li><li>Do we image other people using our tools?</li><li>Set up a time next week (sent invitation for Thursday)</li></ul></li><li>Grouping for the Python Mechanical Mooc</li><li>Starting to be 28</li><li>Discourse hosting (check with Chris)</li><li>Add doc to mechanical MOOC about Mailgun</li></ul>Process<br>Problems<br><br><br><strong>21 May</strong><br>- Setup API keys to use AWS credits<br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges phase III (3.5 weeks) - Priorities:<ul class="bullet"><li>1. Implement Partner badges</li><li>2. Integration with p2pu.org (adding badges to courses)</li><li>3. Small change -&gt; Top level nav and discovery</li></ul></li><li>stats.p2pu.org linode now retired</li><li>Lernanta<ul class="bullet"><li>small outstanding bugs (tweets now link to course home URL, create a course in schools)</li><li>merged translation contributions<ul class="bullet"><li>DU to ask BK to reach out to the translators</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Mechanical Mooc<ul class="bullet"><li>campaign tracking required to get good mailgun stats (default tracking doens&#x27;t provide same level of detail)</li><li>thinking about how we handle unsubscribes</li></ul></li><li>Talked with Exosphere!</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Discourse<ul class="bullet"><li>have we decided on a domain? (not yet, will follow up with Bekka&#x2F;Vanessa)</li><li>how do we plan to wrap up the 1 month test? Up to BK and VMG</li><li>are we going to keep in on heroku? (DU&#x27;s decision - work with CE on this)</li></ul></li><li>Mechanical Mooc<ul class="bullet"><li>mail for all previous users - Steve sent me the mail today, will go out today&#x2F;tomorrow</li><li>Look at analytics (for data mooc) to make sure we are tracking everything we want<ul class="bullet"><li>Find older logs and place them somewhere safe (waiting for CE)</li></ul></li><li>Kicking off the Python MOOC</li><li>Find out plans for future Data MOOCs from Vanessa</li><li>Investigate alternative hosting solutions that avoid heroku (free) shortcomings for MOOCs</li></ul></li><li>Course UX feedback<ul class="bullet"><li>call with SOO and SOE tomorrow to discuss feature requests</li><li>Where do we record these feature requests (turn trello board for UX into general board)<ul class="bullet"><li>Not perfect, but some of the way FogCreek uses it, could apply:</li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;trello&#x2d;development&#x2F;4d5ea62fd76aa1136000000c">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;trello-development&#x2F;4d5ea62fd76aa1136000000c</a></li></ul></li><li>DU to define our principles for priotiziation (see etherpad from community call) and share with everyone</li></ul></li><li>LRMI</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Some problems with discourse (DU to figure this out with CE - We need discourse to be stable for community use)</li><li>Limitations arising from aiming MechanicalMooc at free Heroku<ul class="bullet"><li>cannot run worker tasks asynchronously, needed for things like API calls, workarounds getting clumsy with emails,lists,unsubscribes</li><li>This was discussed above (see notes above)</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>How do you feel about the strategy discussion?</li></ul>Parking Lot<br><ul class="bullet"><li>P2PU Homepage (I want us to put this on the priorities list)</li></ul><br><br><strong>14 May</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Talk about planned projects &amp; priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Badges (mostly handled by Erika)</li><li>Mech MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>Current: Python, Data MOOC</li><li>Planned: Writing, Offline, Music (need dates)</li></ul></li><li>*** Homepage ***<ul class="bullet"><li>Make it a showcase of what&#x27;s going on across the entire P2PU community</li><li>Great courses, awesome projects on badges.org, new MOOC, research reports ...&nbsp;</li><li>Offer ways to connect</li></ul></li><li>Course UX updates</li><li>Course List (allow listing of remote courses?)</li><li>Schools</li></ul></li><li>How do we address feedback from SOO courses?<ul class="bullet"><li>(See comments below)</li></ul></li><li>Update on hosting (Linode upgrades, heroku hosting of discourse, etc...)</li></ul>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Python MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>Setting up everything for next round (incl. email scheduler, updating copy, import sign-ups)</li><li>Figuring out a way to let previous subscribers know (without annyong those who manually unsubscribed)</li></ul></li><li>Question: LRMI totally done?<ul class="bullet"><li>LRMI not yet implemented by google&#x2F;bing (and P2PU search uses google)</li><li>Will need to spend some time on LRMI</li><li>DU to give some update about LRMI to community (and the CC contact&#x2F;project manager)</li></ul></li><li>Received updated translations (incl. a bunch of Germans)</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Python MOOC finishing up</li><li>Merge translations</li><li>Allow opting out of course announcements</li><li>Get status on badges (wrap up Phase II) and plan next steps</li><li>Deal with course UX suggestions<ul class="bullet"><li>Make a list, then make decisions on which ones to implement and why</li><li>Three possibilities: Implement, Defer, Decline</li><li>Things to keep in mind:<ul class="bullet"><li>How broadly applicable? Is this a feature that will help lots of users?</li><li>How annoying &#x2F; amazing? How big a difference will it make?</li><li>Is it a bug? -&gt; Fix it</li></ul></li><li>Important to communicate clearly why we made the decisions we made</li></ul></li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>DU: How to handle older features &#x2F; UX - sunsetting of old course UX</li></ul><br><br><strong>8 May</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Strategy call notes</li></ul>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Identified source of error for&nbsp;</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Scheduler for gentle python mooc</li><li>Some downtime on p2pu.org, busy investigating the cause</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Etherpad server crashing</li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Backup process for heroku MOOCs -&gt; Store to AWS</li><li>Look into using Philipp&#x27;s AWS credits (what&#x27;s the best way of doing that)</li></ul><br><br><strong>23 April</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Question about MOOC Maker (When can we get the auto-emailer into the dev pipeline for Steve, to run another python mooc?)<ul class="bullet"><li>Should be able to do this before June</li><li>How much time do we have to spend on this?</li></ul></li><li>Away from 27 April until 7 May - Afrikaburn<ul class="bullet"><li>Please! Reminder&#x2F;warning about absence, 2 weeks in advance.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>How was hanging out with Bret Victor?</li></ul>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Course notifications</li><li>Default to english</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Signup for Mechanical Mooc (Python MOOC)</li><li>Course notifications (without opt out for now)</li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>User support day for Erika</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Email scheduler not working?</li></ul>Other<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Introduction to folks in Chile (DU to send intro email to PS, who can forward)</li></ul><br><strong>16 April</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Data expeditions ready to go (a bit of a hack)</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>*by tomorrow please* Board update (see email from P)</li><li>Catching up on stuff after the flu</li><li>Translations for p2pu.org (implement them)</li><li>Linode Security alert: Q: Anything we need to do? A: No.&nbsp;</li><li>LRMI blog post</li><li>Communication with course participants<ul class="bullet"><li>Make sure users get notifications about comments<ul class="bullet"><li>Can we auto-subscribe people to the notifications in disqus? Or set subscribed as the default?</li></ul></li><li>Consider creating ability to send out messages to participants</li></ul></li><li>Email scheduler for MOOCs (rough version is done, but needs more testing &#x2F; improvements)<ul class="bullet"><li>Get back to Steve on rought timeline for this</li></ul></li></ul>Process<br>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>A little bit disorganized to get things done for data expedition (taking short-cuts) &#x2F; because of flu (nothing we can do about it)</li></ul>Other<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Can we shut down stats.p2pu.org?<ul class="bullet"><li>Currently used as staging&#x2F;test server for lernanta deployment</li><li>Erika suggested we switch that to AC3 (so that we only pay for it when we need it)</li></ul></li><li>Check this out -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;lcl&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;lcl.p2pu.org&#x2F;</a></li></ul><br><br><strong>26 March</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>LRMI</li><li>Heroku DB warnings<ul class="bullet"><li>Sign-up still works, but having some trouble downloading DB</li></ul></li><li>Data expedition for School of Data</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>LRMI implementation<ul class="bullet"><li>And Report (screenshots, short description)</li></ul></li><li>Define Goals for EP</li><li>Solve Heroku problems</li><li>Define requirements for Data expedition (launch 16 April)</li><li>[Future] Updates on Course UX (notifications, internationalization)</li><li>[Future] Discourse</li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Heroku troubles....</li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li><br></li></ul>Other stuff<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Home page</li></ul><br><br><strong>19 March</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges - how did the demo at DML go? Demo went well (but mostly VMG)</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Digital Ocean billing<ul class="bullet"><li>Set up to use P2PU credit card, automatic monthly billing</li><li>Need an invoice every month (email to money@p2pu.org or admin@p2pu.org)</li></ul></li><li>1* Heroku db warnings</li><li>LRMI</li><li>(could be pushed to next week if necessary) Discourse&#x2F; P2PU home<ul class="bullet"><li>Investigate how much work to set up local test server</li></ul></li><li>Tech contributors - onboarding &#x2F; fresh course for contributors<ul class="bullet"><li>TODO: Clean up the pathways to become a contributor</li><li>Not easy in the past, because focused on Lernanta (which is a BIG ask &#x2F; hard to get involved)</li><li>Rather focus on fewer people and build stronger relationships with them</li></ul></li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Problems was misspelled (fixed)</li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges development going forward (VMG&#x2F;EP)<ul class="bullet"><li>Todo: scope out next phase (VMG)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>12 March</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>badges -&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;badges&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;badges.p2pu.org</a> up and running</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dev&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x3a;8199&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;dev.p2pu.org:8199&#x2F;</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;imgur&#x2e;com&#x2F;b2axMWc">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;imgur.com&#x2F;b2axMWc</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;badges&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;badge&#x2F;view&#x2F;4&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;badges.p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;badge&#x2F;view&#x2F;4&#x2F;</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;badges&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;badges.p2pu.org&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li><li>travel<ul class="bullet"><li>tickets booked!</li></ul></li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>badges</li><li>travel expenses (flights) (forward to Claudia)</li><li>Setting goals with EP</li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Bekka - helpdesk</li></ul><br><br><strong>5 March</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges roughly on track for DML demo</li></ul>Priorites<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges -&gt; DML</li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br>Stuff<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Open Learning Hackathon - Book flights</li><li>Managing EP</li><li>Mentorship application</li><li>School of Open</li></ul>&nbsp;<br><br><strong>12 Feb</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Daily backups</li><li>Several small bug fixes</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>OAuth</li><li>Badges coordination with Ben</li><li>Some improvements for courses (showing lists, etc)</li><li>Pythonic MechMOOC (important!!!)<ul class="bullet"><li>Rewrite sign-up form</li><li>Make grouping script easier to configure and faster</li><li>Tracking Group emails</li><li>Error message when sending to group from a different email</li><li>Subdomain support</li></ul></li><li>LRMI</li></ul>Problems<br>Process<br><br><strong>5 Feb</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Course UX release</li><li>Server upgrade and cleanup</li></ul>Priorities<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Feedback to VMG on badges</li><li>Release related bugs</li><li>Backup</li><li>Post to community about new release</li><li>Mechanical MOOC - move to Python</li><li>Review CSS framework<ul class="bullet"><li>CE to create gh-pages for CSS repo</li></ul></li></ul>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Courses from archive.p2pu.org not listed on user&#x27;s profiles</li><li>Course import&#x2F;cloning</li></ul>Process<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Internal service errors pointed users to lighthouse, now that it&#x27;s pointing to help.p2pu.org we are getting in some reports from users! Very cool!</li></ul><br><strong>22 Jan</strong><br>Progress<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Sysadmin:<ul class="bullet"><li>scripts to setup pad.p2pu.org is mostly done</li><li>planning to retire stats.p2pu.org for now - we can revive this when we give attention to analytics</li><li>working on lernanta server deployment</li></ul></li><li>Course UX<ul class="bullet"><li>added notifications when users sign up</li></ul></li><li>Hiring &#x2F; tech screenings happening today</li><li>Mech MOOC instance for MIT Media Lab course</li><li>Badges: wireframing discussion between VMG, Chris, Benz</li><li>School of Open</li><li>Todo: Go over project pipeline together</li></ul>Priorities<br>Problems<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Course picture shows up on course home, but not course list<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;beta&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;18&#x2F;i&#x2d;love&#x2d;making&#x2d;fonts&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;beta.p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;18&#x2F;i-love-making-fonts&#x2F;</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;beta&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;beta.p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul>Process<br><br>Course review - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;school&#x2d;of&#x2d;open&#x2d;course&#x2d;review">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;school-of-open-course-review</a><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Reviews take place on mailing lists</li><li>Q: Could also keep comments &#x2F; discussion in the disqus forum on the course?</li></ul>Branding - associate a course with SOO, as well as with the org that may create it<br><br>Deadline: 11-15 March<br><br><br><strong>15 Jan</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Interviews</li><li>Getting new course UX ready for p2pu.org<ul class="bullet"><li>browse all tags page</li><li>fresh additions</li></ul></li><li>Fix on server for embedly API data change</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>next steps with devs</li><li>dev process post&#x2F;document</li><li>course UX<ul class="bullet"><li>ensuring existing functionality is good enough for p2pu.org</li><li>learn API for old courses</li><li>test look&amp;feel of old courses and studygroups with new CSS</li><li>only trusted users to embed iframes</li></ul></li><li>first steps towards consolidate linodes</li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>a few things are getting pushed off the todo list (ubuntu upgrade, consolidating our linodes, analytics &#x2F; stats, badges.p2pu.org, etc.)</li></ul></li><li>Process</li><li>Stuff<ul class="bullet"><li>db dump</li><li>heroku account</li><li>knife skills? (yes, for future salary negotiations)</li><li>interviews</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>8 Jan</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>debugging some of the slowness on the site</li><li>reviewing applicant CVs</li><li>Tech plan should go out right about now!</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>dev process post&#x2F;document</li><li>set up interviews with dev applicants (email staff with status update)</li><li>course UX?<ul class="bullet"><li>responsiveness (top nav bar breaks at +- 1000 x ??)</li><li>bug with learn page in chrome</li><li>Browse all tags page</li><li>Feedback from beta testers</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Stuff</li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Need CE to document &#x2F; blog (make that his priority)</li><li>Need Trello board for MOOC work</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>18 Dec</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>tech plan (Philipp sent notes)</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>update tech plan and share with community (after strategy call)</li><li>document: dev process guidelines</li><li>basic project template that can deploy to heroku</li><li>(maybe push to Jan 2013) blog post about google meeting</li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>server performance - problem with data query to determin number of followers<ul class="bullet"><li>short term fix is to not display number of followers</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process</li><li>Stuff<ul class="bullet"><li>hiring &#x2F; next steps</li><li>what&#x27;s CE working on? (who is managing him?)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>26 Nov</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Course UX<ul class="bullet"><li>Tagging, user profile pictures, CSS fixes</li><li>We still have two trello boards for CSS and UX<ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Next step</strong>: DU and CE to merge them</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Django dev<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;docs&#x2e;google&#x2e;com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;13fQfTh4kI9qLHb4rcw3hYPzKeQZP6Ub8UX&#x5f;gq1jSToM&#x2F;edit">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.google.com&#x2F;a&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;document&#x2F;d&#x2F;13fQfTh4kI9qLHb4rcw3hYPzKeQZP6Ub8UX_gq1jSToM&#x2F;edit</a></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Short description of &quot;How we work&quot; (focused on dev processes)<ul class="bullet"><li>Github</li><li>Trello</li><li>Communication</li><li>Tech call</li><li><strong>Next steps</strong>: write it</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Need to get our head around badges &amp; assessment<ul class="bullet"><li>OBI compliant</li><li>Build as separate &quot;application&quot; (but integrate nicely with P2PU courses)</li></ul></li><li>CSS progress?</li><li>Question (from Bekka) - How can she see new courses created on beta that are marked as Draft?<ul class="bullet"><li><strong>Next steps:</strong> DU to enable listing of draft courses, let Bekka know</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Scheduling:<ul class="bullet"><li>Mon. Admin + code</li><li>Tue. Code + dev strategy</li><li>Wed. Code</li><li>Thu. User support, system administration</li><li>Fri. Code</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Christmas holidays for the win</li></ul><br><br><strong>Google OER Conference</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>How do we start with community rather than content?<ul class="bullet"><li>course builder starts with content</li></ul></li><li>Can we add custom google hangout applications? (e.g. the visual effects, or google docs apps that can be added into a hangout)</li><li>Can we use google hangout as the platform and attach other stuff to it?</li><li>Should we be doing more mobile?</li><li>Concrete project we are considering: Moving Mitch Resnick&#x27;s (MIT Media Lab) course online using mainly Google tech</li><li>What we are doing &#x2F; planning<ul class="bullet"><li>Peer assessment &amp; badges</li><li>MechMooc next phase<ul class="bullet"><li>More courses, different subjects, more collaboration</li></ul></li><li>Explore what the MIT Media Lab should do about online learning<ul class="bullet"><li>Build prototypes, e.g. move Mitch Resnick&#x27;s course online using mainly Google tech</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>What would we (really) like help with?<ul class="bullet"><li>Engineering support for running a large course on Google technologies</li></ul></li><li>HTML5 OER WYSIWYG editor</li><li>Google hangout apps<ul class="bullet"><li>Critique on work</li><li>Twitter integration (see a stream of twitter messages)</li><li>Collaborative simulation</li><li>Pair programming</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>20 Nov</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Course UX<ul class="bullet"><li>CSS - Responsive CSS breaks top navigation on standard size screens</li><li>Activity indicators on course list - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;beta&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;beta.p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Made some changes to how this works to enable listing of non-lernanta courses</li></ul></li><li>Badges - When do we need badge features?<ul class="bullet"><li>Lots of interest in badges in our community; Beta testers asked about badges</li><li>Ok to use for beta pilot without badges</li><li>Need badges prior to pushing to P2PU.org</li></ul></li><li>LRMI - P: Put on hold until we get the agreement in place</li><li>Google OER<ul class="bullet"><li>in Boston the 2012-12-10 (arrive Sun afternoon, leave Tuesday)</li><li>Need to plan&#x2F; discuss our goals (next week)</li><li>DU to send cost overview to P</li></ul></li><li>Python developer job description</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Ask Chris to explore cost implications of moving services to Heroku (1 day)</li><li>Scope out School of Data MOOC work (= block developer resources)<ul class="bullet"><li>Vanessa to scope out project goals with OKFN, then confirm timeframes with DU(CE)&#x2F; PS</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Mechanical MOOC sign-up - what&#x27;s going on?<ul class="bullet"><li>DU didn&#x27;t know this was happening &#x2F; Need to improve internal communication</li></ul></li><li>Communication about beta - lots of confusion (Philipp to have a look, work with Bekka on blog post)</li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Pushing updates to beta, now and once people start using it (how do we let them know?)</li><li>How to use weekly emails and etherpad (without duplicating)</li><li>Trello boards -&nbsp; would it make sense to combine UX and CSS?<ul class="bullet"><li>Note: I&#x27;m reading through the notifications and find it super useful</li><li>Process of logging requests could be improved (in CSS board)</li></ul></li><li>What are the upcoming development projects?<ul class="bullet"><li>Course review process &#x2F; features</li><li>Course List</li><li>(Project) Badges</li><li>(Project) Schools</li><li>(Project) Mechanical MOOC(s)</li><li>(Project) LRMI - Minimum: Add meta data to our courses that we don&#x27;t store</li><li>(Project) Internationalization</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Stuff<ul class="bullet"><li>TinCan API - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;tincanapi&#x2e;com&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;tincanapi.com&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>30 Oct</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Course UX - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;course&#x2d;ux&#x2d;update&#x2F;508e6160fe9e0b6244007cc0">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;course-ux-update&#x2F;508e6160fe9e0b6244007cc0</a></li><li>Data dump for June</li><li>Implemented badges AnnaLise</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Setting up (beta?)alpha.p2pu.org for slightly more serious use (= experimental courses)</li><li>Get schools discussion underway</li><li>More developers<ul class="bullet"><li>HTTPS: Reach out to short term dev resources to help with HTTPS</li><li>Badges&#x2F;Assessment: Draft 3-month full time job spec for badges &#x2F; assessment dev</li><li>LRMI: Draft job spec&#x2F;description for LRMI developer (ask Greg to help find someone, and help shape the job spec)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>HTTPS (not an issue for alpha site, but plan is to make default HTTP on production)</li><li>School of Data - using WP for some courses, and want to focus on Mechanical MOOC<ul class="bullet"><li>Some schools want more &quot;freedom&quot; to run their schools and courses than Lernanta offers, incl. courses not on Lernanta</li><li>Examples: Red Cross, OKF&#x2F;School of Data</li><li>Moving Schools planning forward:<ol class="number"><li>What is a School?<ol class="number"><li>Subset within P2PU or partnerships &#x2F; collaboration for learning communities that can live outside of p2pu.org?</li></ol></li><li>What are the needs of different types of schools?&nbsp;<ol class="number"><li>Where does Lernanta constrain those goals?&nbsp;</li><li>How can we (and should we) support those goals?</li></ol></li><li>Options of making P2PU more distributed (so it can live in different places)<ol class="number"><li>API</li><li>Embed P2PU components elsewhere</li></ol></li></ol></li><li>4.&nbsp; (Optional - if there is time) What does this mean for P2PU core (our own homepage)?</li><li>5.&nbsp; Next steps &#x2F; the way forward</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Communication with developers (does it feel like we are getting this right?)</li><li>Hiring more developers - Let&#x27;s agree on next steps.<ul class="bullet"><li>Reach out to someone who can help with HTTPS</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Other<ul class="bullet"><li>Trello power outage -&gt; <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;fogcreekstatus&#x2e;typepad&#x2e;com&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;fogcreekstatus.typepad.com&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>16 Oct</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>New course UX looking great (<s>almost</s> ready)</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Get more people involved in testing of UX</li><li>Make progress on CSS</li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>CSS not ready for production<ul class="bullet"><li>It is more work than it seems</li><li>We got a little side-tracked by implementing Alek&#x27;s new layouts in addition to bootstrap</li><li>Mechanical MOOC required dev time away from CSS</li></ul></li><li>School of Data - Embedding non https content :(<ul class="bullet"><li>Not reasonable to expect all embeddable content to come via https</li><li>Either we change the SSL setup (again) and only use for log-in OR figure out how to sandbox iframes (not sure how widely supported)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>Where is the original etherpad for UX comments?</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;course&#x2d;feedback">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;course-feedback</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;course&#x2d;feedback&#x2d;take2">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;course-feedback-take2</a> (email)</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>9 Oct</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Aloha<ul class="bullet"><li>Table built, surf is up</li></ul></li><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Courses: demo up on <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;alpha&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;alpha.p2pu.org</a> - user-1:password<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;alpha&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;12&#x2F;breaking&#x2d;the&#x2d;rules&#x2d;a&#x2d;poetry&#x2d;workshop&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;alpha.p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;12&#x2F;breaking-the-rules-a-poetry-workshop&#x2F;</a></li><li>with anonymized live data</li><li>waiting for feedback on editor</li><li>waiting for feedback on disquss</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Courses<ul class="bullet"><li>get feedback from VMG, PS, CE, AC, JB?</li><li>decide on editor for beta test</li></ul></li><li>CSS - finalize last details and release</li><li>Next projects:<ul class="bullet"><li>Schools: CE</li><li>Internationalization: ?</li><li>Badges &amp; Assessments: ?</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Spam:<ul class="bullet"><li>cleaned up database as far as I know</li><li>disabled status updates on user profiles for time being</li><li>disabled ability to post with unconfirmed email address - some spammer with confirmed emails</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Process<ul class="bullet"><li>School of Data - separate trello board, pros and cons</li></ul></li><li>Other<ul class="bullet"><li>Google Research workshop and potential projects</li><li>Coursera issue with cheating - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pastebin&#x2e;com&#x2F;XnPL0P0u">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pastebin.com&#x2F;XnPL0P0u</a></li></ul></li><li>Next steps<ul class="bullet"><li>DU to set up meeting with CE, PS &amp; DU about schools</li><li>DU to probe some people about interestest in small&#x2F;not small projects</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>1 Oct</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Aloha<ul class="bullet"><li>House 4 Hack</li></ul></li><li>Progress<ul class="bullet"><li>Bulk of features for alpha testing of course UX is DONE (yay!)</li><li>Features still missing (but not necessary for alpha testing): badges, course completion</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Finalize course<ul class="bullet"><li>Unify grid layout and styles between course home page (where you see the tabs at the top) and content pages</li><li>set editor font = page font (currently editor uses Arvo)</li><li>Course image</li><li>Allow course description editing</li><li>Course title editing (in place, but put a little edit icon next to the title to make it obvious)</li><li>Dump disqus into discussion tab</li><li>Edit &quot;About&quot; page - do this the same way as content editing</li><li>Course start&#x2F;end text: remove &quot;midnight&quot; (e.g. &quot;This course runs from Oct. 2, 2012, midnight to Oct. 4, 2012, midnight&quot;)</li><li>Fix typo: &quot; is publised!&quot; -&gt; &quot;is published!&quot;</li><li>People tab: scale down images (too large)</li></ul></li><li>CSS<ul class="bullet"><li>Old courses and study groups look nice (but quite different)</li><li>P: Let&#x27;s get this done</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Problems<ul class="bullet"><li>Notifications &#x2F; course review - DU to talk with BK<ul class="bullet"><li>DU: It makes sense to overhaul course review (not just fix email&#x2F;notifications issue) (+1 PS)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Other:<ul class="bullet"><li>Get Philipp up to speed so he can edit &#x2F; modify School of Open landing page<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;admin&#x2F;schools&#x2F;projectset&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;admin&#x2F;schools&#x2F;projectset&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li><li>Chris to take on Schools features after CSS&#x2F;Mooc</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>25 Sep</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Aloha - How was the field trip?<ul class="bullet"><li>Good! Got this wrong - i thought you had gone to house4hack already</li><li>White mountain was good</li></ul></li><li>Check-in<ul class="bullet"><li>Had a lot of spam activity from 1 user over the weekend, caused some trouble with the server (I suspect that port numbers ran out for new socket connections)</li><li>Editor demo ( <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dev&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x3a;4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;1&#x2F;content&#x2F;15&#x2F;edit&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;dev.p2pu.org:4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;courses&#x2F;1&#x2F;content&#x2F;15&#x2F;edit&#x2F;</a> )<ul class="bullet"><li>login with username:admin and password:password</li><li>That&#x27;s pagedown running, I like the live preview. We&#x27;ll need to customize it a little.</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Upcoming<ul class="bullet"><li>School of Data<ul class="bullet"><li>Let&#x27;s go through Laura&#x27;s email and review the comments</li><li>Let&#x27;s firm up our ideas for supporting schools</li></ul></li><li>Developer resources<ul class="bullet"><li>People working on clearly defined areas&nbsp;</li><li>Working in isolation is harder - less feedback</li></ul></li><li>Visit to House4Hack</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>18 Sept</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Aloha - How is Dirk&#x27;s world?</em><ul class="bullet"><li>just went for a quick run :)</li><li>hopefully some good waves around tomorrow</li></ul></li><li><em>Check-in &#x2F; Lab book</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Development (writing code, reviewing code, fixing bugs)<ul class="bullet"><li>unified course moving along</li><li>CSS framework to merge soon</li></ul></li><li>Conceptual Design (thinking about solutions, discussing ideas with others)</li><li>Support<ul class="bullet"><li>badge notifications</li><li>TODO: follow up open badge SSL issue</li></ul></li><li>Sysadmin (pushing out releases, etc.)<ul class="bullet"><li>archive.p2pu.org</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>TODO: see if there&#x27;s interest in micro-projects?</li></ul><br><br><strong>11 Sep</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Aloha - How is Dirk&#x27;s world?</em></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Check-in &#x2F; Lab book</em><ul class="bullet"><li>openbadge backpack problem - API not available over HTTPS<ul class="bullet"><li>backpack tech team is working on SSL workaround (hoping to put in place in next few weeks)</li><li>Next step: Update copy (and watch - if not resolved on the backend, we can consider more)</li></ul></li><li>need to move forward with archive.p2pu.org migration<ul class="bullet"><li>Next step: DU to find out from Charles what to change to move archive2.p2pu.org to archive.p2pu.org</li></ul></li><li>unified courses coming along<ul class="bullet"><li>potential for testing a different editor (ooh!)</li><li>are we going to support signup questions in the 1st round?<ul class="bullet"><li>Everyone answers a question</li></ul></li><li>trying to keep the backend in modular (no db dependancies with other modules - URNs, URIs and URLs)</li></ul></li><li>Chris helping VMG with MechMooc grouping<ul class="bullet"><li>should Chris also do sysadmin wrt MechMooc? that sounds good.&nbsp;</li></ul></li><li>CSS<ul class="bullet"><li>follow up with Chris</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Visiting House4Hack on the 27th or 28th of September</li></ul><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Confirm next steps&#x2F;process for &quot;schools&quot; project<ul class="bullet"><li>Need to define RACI (Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, Informed) for the project</li><li>Next step: Dirk to get a better sense of the scope (after CSS, unicourse)</li></ul></li><li>mMOOC - making sure we are ready and can deal with problems<ul class="bullet"><li>3500 people signed up so far</li><li>Basic documentation exists, but not much detail</li><li>Get ready to replicate</li><li>PS to email chris about taking R (RACI) for the technical side of the project<ul class="bullet"><li>Take overall Responsibility</li><li>Make sure he&#x27;s familiar with the code base</li><li>Write and manage the grouping script</li><li>Create overall documentation &quot;how the MOOC works&quot;<ul class="bullet"><li>Document how to interact with the mailing lists (for VMG)</li><li>Liaise with John on missing information and add it to our documentation</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Red Cross MOOC&#x2F;course<ul class="bullet"><li>Launch planned for 1 Oct (will the unified course be ready?)</li><li>Let&#x27;s discuss a rough roadmap for getting it completed in tech call<ul class="bullet"><li>Launch beta &#x2F; Get feedback</li><li>Move to production (in parallel to existing)</li><li>Switch over</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><strong>4 September</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Aloha<ul class="bullet"><li>had a good set of waves on Sunday!</li></ul></li><li>Check-in &#x2F; Notes for the lab book<ul class="bullet"><li>Badges -&gt; 40 down 20 to go</li><li>Course<ul class="bullet"><li>Should we keep links for courses<ul class="bullet"><li>No - remove</li></ul></li><li>Should we keep short and long description<ul class="bullet"><li>Better to just have one, but needs to work across all pages of the site (in a thumbnail box, on the course home page, etc.)</li><li>short desc + about page</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>archive.p2pu.org migration moving along! great!</li></ul></li><li>General:<ul class="bullet"><li>Should schools be entities inside P2PU ( the way we groups people with similar interests ) or partners of P2PU? (thinking about the school of free software)</li><li>I&#x27;m concerned that no one is looking after the adwords campaigns</li><li>Linode</li><li>I&#x27;m planning to visit to House4Hack later this month ~28 Sep</li></ul></li></ul><br>28 Augst<br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Aloha</em></li><li><em>Check-in &#x2F; Lab book</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Release out today<ul class="bullet"><li>One thing to keep in mind -&gt; feedback will always focus on things that do not work</li></ul></li><li>Working on course mockup and data model to support it<ul class="bullet"><li>How do we handle scheduling in courses?<ul class="bullet"><li>Currently course creators have to structure their content according to a desired schedule</li></ul></li><li>First step is building something is fairly similar to what we have now<ul class="bullet"><li>Consolidate good features from challenges &#x2F; courses &amp; clean up UX</li><li>Make the code more maintainable</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Lots of badges to look at (and implement)<ul class="bullet"><li>Roughly 60 badges are waiting to be implemented<ul class="bullet"><li>If only DU can do this, then the current process is not sustainable</li><li>Bekka can help</li></ul></li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;connected&#x2d;learning&#x2d;with&#x2d;youth&#x2d;voices&#x2F;content&#x2F;all&#x2d;badges&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;connected-learning-with-youth-voices&#x2F;content&#x2F;all-badges&#x2F;</a></li><li>think the concepts of skill badges and community badges are swapped?</li><li>Next step:<ul class="bullet"><li>DU to check in with VMG and (1) clarify terminology (2) check if community badges are going to be retired and (3) decide on process to deal with the huge amount of badge idea submissions</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>The MOOC uncovered:<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;dropbox&#x2e;com&#x2F;s&#x2F;u78xpoxuwxtaf4j&#x2F;IMG380&#x2e;jpg">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.dropbox.com&#x2F;s&#x2F;u78xpoxuwxtaf4j&#x2F;IMG380.jpg</a> - what is this? from my lab book. what i think the mooc looks like :) hahaha</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Question<ul class="bullet"><li>How can Philipp build a nice looking HTML document online<ul class="bullet"><li>Store in github and apply simple CSS?<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pages&#x2e;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pages.github.com&#x2F;</a></li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;help&#x2e;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;articles&#x2F;setting&#x2d;up&#x2d;a&#x2d;custom&#x2d;domain&#x2d;with&#x2d;pages">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;help.github.com&#x2F;articles&#x2F;setting-up-a-custom-domain-with-pages</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dirkcuys&#x2e;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;b2d&#x2F;circle&#x2e;html">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;dirkcuys.github.com&#x2F;b2d&#x2F;circle.html</a></li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;twitter&#x2e;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;bootstrap&#x2F;index&#x2e;html">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;twitter.github.com&#x2F;bootstrap&#x2F;index.html</a></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br>21 August<br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Aloha</em></li><li><em>Check-in &#x2F; Lab book</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Progress on courses &#x2F; challenges<ul class="bullet"><li>On hold for now</li></ul></li><li>Learn page<ul class="bullet"><li>Switch default view to community picks (so users see high quality first)</li><li>Consider adding a progress indicator (&quot;hourglass&quot;) to indicate that the page is doing something in the background</li><li>Horizontal line to distinguish Tags from other Selectors (Schools, Featured)</li></ul></li><li>Priorities<ul class="bullet"><li>Project pipeline - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;project&#x2d;pipeline&#x2F;4ec0f020c137ff072a5d8afa">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;project-pipeline&#x2F;4ec0f020c137ff072a5d8afa</a></li></ul></li><li>API - that&#x27;s what I forgot :)<ul class="bullet"><li>P to ask VMG to loop Dirk&#x2F;Jose into discussions about the SoundCloud&#x2F;P2PU hackathon</li></ul></li><li>Metrics<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;community&#x2d;20120816">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;community-20120816</a></li></ul></li><li>OAuth<ul class="bullet"><li>Waiting for Paul to finalize a few small pieces</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><em>Problems&#x2F;Blocks</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Is site stability an issue? (Philipp is getting UP&#x2F;DOWN alerts from pingdom)<ul class="bullet"><li>yes, need to be addressed</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br>20 June<br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>How is Dirk&#x27;s world?</em></li><li><em>Check-in</em></li><li><em>Lab book</em></li><li>Problems&#x2F; Blocks<ul class="bullet"><li>Not really - just busy moving things forward</li></ul></li><li>Paul</li></ul><br>12 June<br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>How is Dirk&#x27;s world?</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Good! Made all the pieces of a table this weekend, just needs sanding and assembling! (awesome - can you make another one?)</li><li>I&#x27;m sensing some frustration from the community<ul class="bullet"><li>Need to get better at communicating priorities with the community</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><em>Check-in</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Course creation: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dev&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x3a;4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;create&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;dev.p2pu.org:4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;create&#x2F;</a></li><li>Site notifications, messaging and replies</li><li>Need to follow up with Liam</li><li>Planning to do release on 18 June</li></ul></li><li><em>Lab book</em> (highlights)<ul class="bullet"><li>crossed out &quot;Apply for Berlin visa&quot;!!<ul class="bullet"><li>I think my visa application killed a small rain forest somewhere in South America</li></ul></li><li>Had a good chat with John about priorities <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;product&#x2d;discussion">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;product-discussion</a> - I&#x27;m exited about badges!</li><li>Progress on course creation</li><li>Spent time attending community emails, help, etc</li><li>Spent time thinking about API - blog post</li><li>Started with notifications and messaging</li></ul></li><li>Do a video skype with Vanessa to say Hi</li></ul><br>4 June<br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Check-in</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Course creation<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dev&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x3a;4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;create&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;dev.p2pu.org:4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;create&#x2F;</a></li><li>Are we calling challenges courses or challenges?<ul class="bullet"><li>learning styles</li></ul></li><li>What&#x27;s the priority for this?</li><li>More frontend related.</li><li>Learnest</li><li>Feedback:<ul class="bullet"><li>On step 2, change button title to &quot;Go to step 3&quot; (from &quot;Review&quot;)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Notifications and comments<ul class="bullet"><li>Need to check up with sendgrid</li></ul></li><li>Site redesign - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;gomockingbird&#x2e;com&#x2F;mockingbird&#x2F;&#x23;m5ase18&#x2F;wJabLR">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;gomockingbird.com&#x2F;mockingbird&#x2F;#m5ase18&#x2F;wJabLR</a><ul class="bullet"><li>Is this redesign current? Terminology?</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><em>Lab book</em></li><li>Hiring Development mentor &#x2F; UX &#x2F; sysadmin &#x2F; &#8224;frontend contractor</li><li>Performance review process</li></ul><br><br>29 May<br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Where is your head at?</em></li><li><em>Are you being healthy?</em></li><li><em>Check-inx</em><ul class="bullet"><li>working on multi task edit<ul class="bullet"><li>add, del and order working</li><li>edit to be done</li><li>UX a little ugly still (maybe share with dev list for feedback?)</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><em>Lab book (only Tuesday)</em><ul class="bullet"><li>email admin</li><li>created badge for MIT App Inventor - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;badges&#x2F;mit&#x2d;app&#x2d;inventor&#x2d;explorer&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;badges&#x2F;mit-app-inventor-explorer&#x2F;</a></li><li>updated wiki docs</li><li>pull request from new contributor - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;lernanta&#x2F;pull&#x2F;129">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;p2pu&#x2F;lernanta&#x2F;pull&#x2F;129</a></li><li>visa admin</li><li>help.p2pu.org [useful to track - to make sure this doesn&#x27;t become a major distraction]</li><li>multi task edit - UX</li><li>small contributions to badge creation challenge - <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;badges&#x2F;mit&#x2d;app&#x2d;inventor&#x2d;explorer&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;badges&#x2F;mit-app-inventor-explorer&#x2F;</a></li></ul></li></ul><br>22 May<br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Where is your head at?</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Scrambling around a little - a few things happening at the same time</li></ul></li><li><em>Are you being healthy?</em></li><li><em>Check-in</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Did release this morning (went well)<ul class="bullet"><li>Included https redirect - seems to work (fantastic!)</li><li>Test course checkbox (Todo: add &quot;flag&quot; to admin interface so we can see how many test courses are being created)<ul class="bullet"><li>Not included in scoreboard</li><li>Not listed on front page</li><li>No notification email</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Almost finished with some housekeeping tasks</li><li>Berlin VISA</li><li>Help desk stuff a little distracting (and overwhelming) at the moment<ul class="bullet"><li>Will be an issue while John is offline</li><li>Philipp to keep an eye on helpdesk while John is offline</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Other stuff:<ul class="bullet"><li>Hiring<ul class="bullet"><li>TODO (Dirk): Sysadmin (check with Andre)</li><li>TODO (Philipp): Contact Paul O about small contract</li></ul></li><li>School of Data<ul class="bullet"><li>IRC 10:00 - 16:00</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br>15 May<br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Where is your head at?</em></li><li><em>Are you being healthy?</em><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Running: </em><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;endomondo&#x2e;com&#x2F;workouts&#x2F;53915306"><em>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.endomondo.com&#x2F;workouts&#x2F;53915306</em></a><em> (access denied)</em></li><li><em>But no surfing: </em><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;wavescape&#x2e;co&#x2e;za&#x2F;surf&#x2d;reports&#x2F;wavescape&#x2d;ocean&#x2d;watch&#x2F;durban&#x2d;up&#x2d;to&#x2d;ballito&#x2e;html"><em>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.wavescape.co.za&#x2F;surf-reports&#x2F;wavescape-ocean-watch&#x2F;durban-up-to-ballito.html</em></a><em> :-)</em></li></ul></li><li><em>Check in</em><ul class="bullet"><li>Q: Where does drafting happen for challenges?<ul class="bullet"><li>Currently -&gt; users create course skeletons, and then work on them over time</li><li>Where do we want it to happen -&gt; on the site (my opinion)</li><li>Do our challenges encourage creating with peers? -&gt; not really, but trying to build community review and stronger collaboration practices around review of draft courses</li></ul></li><li>Q: Do we want everyone to create courses?<ul class="bullet"><li>Huge link on <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;</a> - only gets +-10% traffic</li></ul></li><li>Short term fix part 1 for challenge creation: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;flickr&#x2e;com&#x2F;photos&#x2F;79237959&#x40;N02&#x2F;7202714572&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.flickr.com&#x2F;photos&#x2F;79237959@N02&#x2F;7202714572&#x2F;</a><ul class="bullet"><li>change wording to &quot;This is a test course&quot;</li><li>&quot;Check this if you are just testing, your course will not appear on the rest of the site&quot;</li><li>part 2: who should be able to mark&#x2F;unmark a challenge as a test</li></ul></li><li>Looking at the course creation process<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;gomockingbird&#x2e;com&#x2F;mockingbird&#x2F;&#x23;m5ase18&#x2F;wJabLR">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;gomockingbird.com&#x2F;mockingbird&#x2F;#m5ase18&#x2F;wJabLR</a></li></ul></li><li>Mozilla Persona - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;mozilla&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2d;US&#x2F;persona&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.mozilla.org&#x2F;en-US&#x2F;persona&#x2F;</a></li><li>Had spam user</li><li>Setting up Lernanta dev enviroment: how is that going?<ul class="bullet"><li>form projects.models import Project</li><li>project = Project.objects.get(slug=&#x27;name_of_project&#x27;)</li><li>project.id</li><li>in the view, request variable is passed through, and slug is also being passed through</li><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;eportfolios&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;p2pu.org&#x2F;en&#x2F;groups&#x2F;eportfolios&#x2F;</a> - slug is eportfolios</li></ul></li><li>Next step:<ul class="bullet"><li>Get the hide &quot;junk&quot; courses fix into pipeline (speak with John)<ul class="bullet"><li>Don&#x27;t trigger a notification email to admin</li><li>Don&#x27;t include in scoreboard</li><li>Don&#x27;t show on Learn page (courses list)</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><u>8 May</u><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>4 May release went well<ul class="bullet"><li>process is written up on google docs</li><li>I hope to improve the process a little, but ok to push back (not urgent)</li></ul></li><li>went through <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;detailed&#x2d;responsibilities">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;detailed-responsibilities</a><ul class="bullet"><li>added name to tasks that are obvious</li><li>added questions &#x2F; comments that need discussion</li><li>let&#x27;s discuss in tech call tomorrow and resolve outstanding tasks</li></ul></li><li>still connecting with andre truter<ul class="bullet"><li>suggested a few improvements</li><li>waiting for us to clarify what we need help with</li></ul></li><li>virtualbox installation - ubuntu ??.?? crashes<ul class="bullet"><li>python-memcached==1.48</li><li>lsb_release -a</li><li>dropbox</li><li>next step:<ul class="bullet"><li>Dirk to upload virtual machine - ask John</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><u>1 May</u><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Simple badge creation for challenges<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dev&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x3a;4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;dev.p2pu.org:4456&#x2F;en&#x2F;</a></li><li>user3:password3</li><li>Badge is awarded when a user finishes a challenge</li><li>Remarks:<ul class="bullet"><li>maybe make badge exclusive to challenge</li></ul></li><li>Next step:<ul class="bullet"><li>Screenshot and explanation for tech call</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Spam<ul class="bullet"><li>not easy for a non dev to clean up</li></ul></li><li>Priorities:<ul class="bullet"><li>Short term (2 weeks):<ul class="bullet"><li>Do release with Zuzel (confirm date)</li><li>Make sure about all the neccesary info I need</li><li>High-level release schedule &#x2F; roadmap<ul class="bullet"><li>Look at existing planning in trello board</li><li>Look at existing lighthouse tickets</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;priorities&#x2d;project&#x2d;pipeline">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;priorities-project-pipeline</a></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Medium term (&gt; 2 weeks):</li></ul></li><li>Berlin<ul class="bullet"><li>Times - whole of July! excellent</li><li>Visas - Dirk to speak to Bekka (P2PU can issue invitation letter)</li></ul></li><li>Profile &#x2F; requirements for additional developer<ul class="bullet"><li>Mentoring ok?</li><li>Hiring process -&gt; <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;trello&#x2e;com&#x2F;board&#x2F;hiring&#x2d;all&#x2d;positions&#x2F;4ecb89ff939edd15ef0366da">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;trello.com&#x2F;board&#x2F;hiring-all-positions&#x2F;4ecb89ff939edd15ef0366da</a></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><u>24 April</u><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Badges for &quot;Contributing to Lernanta&quot; challenge - <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;contributing&#x5f;to&#x5f;lernanta">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;contributing_to_lernanta</a></li><li>Busy implementing creation of badges awared when an user completes a challenge<ul class="bullet"><li>I&#x27;ll have a demo by tomorrow that we can look at</li></ul></li><li>Tech lead<ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;pad&#x2e;p2pu&#x2e;org&#x2F;p&#x2F;detailed&#x2d;responsibilities">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pad.p2pu.org&#x2F;p&#x2F;detailed-responsibilities</a></li></ul></li><li>Platform implications &#x2F; Technology<ul class="bullet"><li>Narrow scope of core platform and make it awesome</li><li>Enable more experimentation around the platform</li><li>Build prototypes outside the platform (if easier)</li><li>Some of the experimentation and prototyping is already happening - we need to define how our technology supports more of that<ul class="bullet"><li>Could use existing technology or provide everything ourselves</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><br><br><u>17 April</u><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>What are the plans for split between content and social?<ul class="bullet"><li>See p2pu community list discussion, subject &quot;Courses, Study Groups, Challenges, OH MY!&quot;</li><li>Main aim -&gt; run cohorts&#x2F;small groups around challenge content</li></ul></li><li>A modular platform?<ul class="bullet"><li>Separate courses&#x2F;challenges&#x2F;discussion groups&#x2F;reading lists from shared p2pu infrastructure</li><li>Shared p2pu infrastructure<ul class="bullet"><li>Course catalogue</li><li>Learner profile</li><li>Activity feeds</li><li>Badge infrastructure</li></ul></li><li>Integration via API</li><li>3rd parties can create custom course modules</li></ul></li><li>Getting a good overview &#x2F; understanding of lernanta architecture<ul class="bullet"><li>No major roadblocks</li><li>Questions about performance, but not able to pinpoint what the issues are</li><li>What are the priorities?&nbsp;</li></ul></li></ul><br><br><u>12 April</u><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><em>Add your notes for next week here ...&nbsp;</em></li><li>Questions:<ol class="number"><li>What is the prefered method of generating course content?<ol class="number"><li>Youtube&#x2F;Vimeo videos</li><li>Tasks + rich text</li><li>External resources like Khan&#x2F;MITx&#x2F;OER</li><li>embed.ly</li><li>P: There isn&#x27;t really a &quot;prefered&quot; method - but we should support all the ways that users want to structure their courses<ol class="number"><li>Personally I think video is very attractive and would like to see more courses use video, and maybe even produce more original video</li><li>Reason for using embed.ly was mainly security concerns about allowing iframes and unrestricted embeds</li></ol></li></ol></li><li>What are the current broad priorities for Lernanta?<ol class="number"><li>one dimension: hackability &#x2F; ease of contribution by volunteers vs central development of functionality&nbsp;<ol class="number"><li>strategic decision of where we think P2PU can create most value</li><li>are we like wordpress.org (tool) or like blogger (platform) or both (wordpress.com = platform, wordpress.org = tool)?</li></ol></li><li>baseline goals:<ol class="number"><li>stability</li><li>ease of use</li><li>security</li></ol></li><li>preservation of existing content</li><li>forkability (for someone else to be able to host Lernanta)</li><li>research engine backend (making it easier to extract data &#x2F; evidence)</li><li>P:<ol class="number"><li>This is related to a bigger question: <u>How</u> do we determine priorities?</li><li>Part of the strategy setting process</li></ol></li></ol></li><li>Who is the target audience for P2PU?<ol class="number"><li>education visionaries &lt;===<ol class="number"><li>we provide tools and practices to support them</li></ol></li><li>people wanting to learn something<ol class="number"><li>users who have a degree - P2PU is a complement to formal education - lifelong learning (learning for learning&#x27;s sake)</li><li>users who need P2PU as a real alternative to formal education</li></ol></li><li>Other ways to separate audience:<ol class="number"><li>By content</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ul><br><br><u>4 April</u><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li>Set regular call - 4pm SA time<ul class="bullet"><li>Use for check-in &#x2F; make sure nothing is blocking &#x2F; maybe point out highlights (or things that could be improved)</li></ul></li><li>Make sure to schedule regular check-ins with Zuzel (free to you two to sort out what works for you!)</li><li>Onboarding trello board worked well</li><li>Consider putting together a similar trello board for volunteers to get started<ul class="bullet"><li>trello board a challenge on p2pu.org?</li></ul></li><li>Still getting a general feel for where things stand &#x2F; how things work at P2PU<ul class="bullet"><li>reading up on background of lernanta</li><li>first wiki, then drupal, now batucada based django application</li></ul></li><li>Community processes implicitly described<ul class="bullet"><li>Keep notes as these things pop up (questions about how things work ...) to include in onboarding trello board</li></ul></li><li>Working from home&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Important to take regular breaks (surf breaks if possible)</li></ul></li><li>Visa for Germany&#x2F;Berlin trip in July -&gt; added to Bekka&#x27;s etherpad, she&#x27;ll be in touch</li></ul><br></body>
</html>
